Prompt:


Read the table and text regarding "4 × 400 metres relay" and create a summary.

Games | Gold | Silver | Bronze
1991 Seville details | Germany Rico Lieder Jens Carlowitz Karsten Just Thomas Schönlebe | United States Raymond Pierre Charles Jenkins Jr. Andrew Valmon Antonio McKay Clifton Campbell * Willie Smith * | Italy Marco Vaccari Vito Petrella Alessandro Aimar Andrea Nuti
1993 Toronto details | United States Darnell Hall Brian Irvin Jason Rouser Mark Everett | Trinidad and Tobago Daziel Jules Alvin Daniel Neil de Silva Ian Morris | Japan Masayoshi Kan Seiji Inagaki Yoshihiko Saito Hiroyuki Hayashi
1995 Barcelona details | United States Rod Tolbert Calvin Davis Tod Long Frankie Atwater | Italy Fabio Grossi Andrea Nuti Roberto Mazzoleni Ashraf Saber | Japan Masayoshi Kan Seiji Inagaki Tomonari Ono Hiroyuki Hayashi
1997 Paris details | United States Jason Rouser Mark Everett Sean Maye Deon Minor | Jamaica Linval Laird Michael McDonald Dinsdale Morgan Greg Haughton Garth Robinson * | France Pierre-Marie Hilaire Rodrigue Nordin Loic Lerouge Fred Mango
1999 Maebashi details | United States Andre Morris Dameon Johnson Deon Minor Milton Campbell Khadevis Robinson * | Poland Piotr Haczek Jacek Bocian Piotr Rysiukiewicz Robert Maćkowiak | Great Britain and N.I . Allyn Condon Solomon Wariso Adrian Patrick Jamie Baulch Sean Baldock *
2001 Lisbon details | Poland Piotr Rysiukiewicz Piotr Haczek Jacek Bocian Robert Maćkowiak | Russia Aleksandr Ladeyshchikov Ruslan Mashchenko Boris Gorban Andrey Semyonov Dmitry Forshev * | Jamaica Michael McDonald Davian Clarke Michael Blackwood Danny McFarlane Greg Haughton *
2003 Birmingham details | Jamaica Leroy Colquhoun Danny McFarlane Michael Blackwood Davian Clarke Kemel Thompson * | Great Britain and N.I . Jamie Baulch Timothy Benjamin Cori Henry Daniel Caines Mark Hylton * Jared Deacon * | Poland Rafał Wieruszewski Grzegorz Zajączkowski Marcin Marciniszyn Marek Plawgo Artur Gąsiewski * Piotr Rysiukiewicz *
2004 Budapest details | Jamaica Greg Haughton Leroy Colquhoun Michael McDonald Davian Clarke Richard James * Sanjay Ayre * | Russia Boris Gorban Dmitry Forshev Andrey Rudnitskiy Aleksandr Usov | Ireland Robert Daly Gary Ryan David Gillick David McCarthy
2006 Moscow details | United States Tyree Washington LaShawn Merritt Milton Campbell Wallace Spearmon James Davis * O.J . Hogans * | Poland Daniel Dąbrowski Marcin Marciniszyn Rafał Wieruszewski Piotr Klimczak Paweł Ptak * Piotr Kędzia * | Russia Konstantin Svechkar Aleksandr Derevyagin Yevgeniy Lebedev Dmitry Petrov Andrey Polukeyev *
2008 Valencia details | United States James Davis Jamaal Torrance Greg Nixon Kelly Willie Joel Stallworth * | Jamaica Michael Blackwood Edino Steele Adrian Findlay DeWayne Barrett Aldwyn Sappleton * | Dominican Republic Arismendy Peguero Carlos Santa Pedro Mejía Yoel Tapia
2010 Doha details | United States Jamaal Torrance Greg Nixon Tavaris Tate Bershawn Jackson LeJerald Betters * Kerron Clement * | Belgium Cédric Van Branteghem Kevin Borlée Antoine Gillet Jonathan Borlée Nils Duerinck * | Great Britain and N.I . Conrad Williams Nigel Levine Chris Clarke Richard Buck Luke Lennon-Ford *
2012 Istanbul details | United States Frankie Wright Calvin Smith Jr. Manteo Mitchell Gil Roberts Jamaal Torrance * Quentin Iglehart-Summers * | Great Britain and N.I . Conrad Williams Nigel Levine Michael Bingham Richard Buck Luke Lennon-Ford * | Trinidad and Tobago Lalonde Gordon Renny Quow Jereem Richards Jarrin Solomon
2014 Sopot details | United States Kyle Clemons David Verburg Kind Butler III Calvin Smith Jr. Clayton Parros * Ricky Babineaux * | Great Britain and N.I . Conrad Williams Jamie Bowie Luke Lennon-Ford Nigel Levine Michael Bingham * | Jamaica Errol Nolan Allodin Fothergill Akheem Gauntlett Edino Steele Dane Hyatt * Jermaine Brown *
2016 Portland details | United States Kyle Clemons Calvin Smith Jr. Christopher Giesting Vernon Norwood Elvyonn Bailey * Patrick Feeney * | Bahamas Michael Mathieu Alonzo Russell Shavez Hart Chris Brown Ashley Riley * | Trinidad and Tobago Jarrin Solomon Lalonde Gordon Ade Alleyne-Forte Deon Lendore Rondel Sorrillo * Machel Cedenio *

Text
Italy ( Italian : Italia [ iˈtaːlja ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Italian Republic ( Italian : Repubblica Italiana [ reˈpubblika itaˈljaːna ] ) , is a European country consisting of a peninsula delimited by the Alps and surrounded by several islands . Italy is located in south-central Europe , and it is also considered a part of Western Europe . The country covers a total area of 301,340 km2 ( 116,350 sq mi ) and shares land borders with France , Switzerland , Austria , Slovenia , and the enclaved microstates of Vatican City and San Marino . Italy has a territorial exclave in Switzerland ( Campione ) and a maritime exclave in the Tunisian Sea ( Lampedusa ) . With around 60 million inhabitants , Italy is the third-most populous member state of the European Union . The capital and largest city is Rome ; other major cities are Milan , Naples , Turin , Palermo , Genoa , Bologna , Florence and Venice . Due to its central geographic location in Southern Europe and the Mediterranean , Italy has historically been home to myriad peoples and cultures . In addition to the various ancient peoples dispersed throughout what is now modern-day Italy , the most predominant being the Indo-European Italic peoples who gave the peninsula its name , beginning from the classical era , Phoenicians and Carthaginians founded colonies mostly in insular Italy , Greeks established settlements in the so-called Magna Graecia of Southern Italy , while Etruscans and Celts inhabited central and northern Italy respectively . An Italic tribe known as the Latins formed the Roman Kingdom in the 8th century BC , which eventually became a republic with a government of the Senate and the People . The Roman Republic initially conquered and assimilated its neighbours on the Italian peninsula , eventually expanding and conquering parts of Europe , North Africa and Asia . By the first century BC , the Roman Empire emerged as the dominant power in the Mediterranean Basin and became a leading cultural , political and religious centre , inaugurating the Pax Romana , a period of more than 200 years during which Italy 's law , technology , economy , art , and literature developed . Italy remained the homeland of the Romans and the metropole of the empire , whose legacy can also be observed in the global distribution of culture , governments , Christianity and the Latin script .
Italy ( Italian : Italia [ iˈtaːlja ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Italian Republic ( Italian : Repubblica Italiana [ reˈpubblika itaˈljaːna ] ) , is a European country consisting of a peninsula delimited by the Alps and surrounded by several islands . Italy is located in south-central Europe , and it is also considered a part of Western Europe . The country covers a total area of 301,340 km2 ( 116,350 sq mi ) and shares land borders with France , Switzerland , Austria , Slovenia , and the enclaved microstates of Vatican City and San Marino . Italy has a territorial exclave in Switzerland ( Campione ) and a maritime exclave in the Tunisian Sea ( Lampedusa ) . With around 60 million inhabitants , Italy is the third-most populous member state of the European Union . The capital and largest city is Rome ; other major cities are Milan , Naples , Turin , Palermo , Genoa , Bologna , Florence and Venice . Due to its central geographic location in Southern Europe and the Mediterranean , Italy has historically been home to myriad peoples and cultures . In addition to the various ancient peoples dispersed throughout what is now modern-day Italy , the most predominant being the Indo-European Italic peoples who gave the peninsula its name , beginning from the classical era , Phoenicians and Carthaginians founded colonies mostly in insular Italy , Greeks established settlements in the so-called Magna Graecia of Southern Italy , while Etruscans and Celts inhabited central and northern Italy respectively . An Italic tribe known as the Latins formed the Roman Kingdom in the 8th century BC , which eventually became a republic with a government of the Senate and the People . The Roman Republic initially conquered and assimilated its neighbours on the Italian peninsula , eventually expanding and conquering parts of Europe , North Africa and Asia . By the first century BC , the Roman Empire emerged as the dominant power in the Mediterranean Basin and became a leading cultural , political and religious centre , inaugurating the Pax Romana , a period of more than 200 years during which Italy 's law , technology , economy , art , and literature developed . Italy remained the homeland of the Romans and the metropole of the empire , whose legacy can also be observed in the global distribution of culture , governments , Christianity and the Latin script .

Summarize the given table and text. 
Summary:

Summary: The table presents the winners of the 4 × 400 metres relay at the World Indoor Championships in Athletics from 1991 to 2016. The United States dominated the event, winning 8 out of 13 championships, followed by Jamaica and Poland which won 2 championships each.
