Prompt:


Read the table and text regarding "List of coffee varieties" and create a summary.

Name | Species | Region ( s ) | Comments
Arusha | C. arabica | Mount Meru in Tanzania , and Papua New Guinea | either a Typica variety or a French Mission
Benguet | C. arabica | Philippines | Typica variety grown in Benguet in the Cordillera highlands of the northern Philippines since 1875
Bergendal , Sidikalang | C. arabica | Indonesia | Both are Typica varieties which survived the leaf rust outbreak of the 1880s ; most of the other Typica in Indonesia was destroyed
Bernardina ( coffee ) | C. arabica | El Salvador | A variety discovered in Finca Los Bellotos , El Salvador by Maria and Alfredo Pacas . It was first thought to be Geisha because of its aromatic profile . However , after studying its phenotype characteristics and DNA testing , it was determined to be a new , unclassified variety genetically similar to varieties found in the Agaro region of Ethiopia
Blue Mountain | C. arabica | Blue Mountains region of Jamaica . Also grown in Kenya , Hawaii , Haiti , Papua New Guinea ( where it is known as PNG Gold ) and Cameroon ( where it is known as Boyo ) | A unique mutation of Typica , known to have some resistance to coffee berry disease
Bourbon | C. arabica | Réunion , Rwanda , Latin America | Around 1708 , the French planted coffee on the island of Bourbon ( now called Réunion ) in the middle of the Indian Ocean , all probably from the same parent stock - the plant the Dutch gave them . Unsurprisingly , it mutated slightly and was planted throughout Brazil in the late 1800s and eventually spread through Latin America , however , it was not possible to achieve the same level of flavour as when in Réunion , due to the volcanic earth and the soil properties . Bourbon produces 20-30% more fruit than Typica strains
Catuai | C. arabica | Latin America | This is a hybrid of Mundo Novo and Caturra bred in Brazil in the late 1940s
Catimor | Interspecific hybrid | Latin America , Indonesia , India , China ( Yunnan ) | This is cross between Timor coffee and Caturra coffee . It was created in Portugal in 1959 . In India , this cultivar goes by the name Cauvery
Caturra | C. arabica | Latin and Central America | Developed from two cultivars that originated by natural mutation of Bourbon Red , originally a tall coffee shrub , found in the Serra do Caparaó . It produces a higher yield than Bourbon , due to the plant being shorter and with less distance between the branches , matures more quickly , and is more disease resistant than older , traditional arabica varieties . Its mutation is not unique ; it led to the formation of the Pacas variety in El Salvador ( from Bourbon ) and the Villa Sarchi in Costa Rica ( from Bourbon ) . Genetically it is very similar to Bourbon although it produces a poorer cup quality , mainly due to the variety yielding more
Charrier | C. charrieriana | Cameroon | This is a newly found species from Cameroon . It has gained some press recently due to its caffeine-free nature . Not yet grown commercially , but it probably will be
Ethiopian Harar | C. arabica | Ethiopia | From the region of Harar , Ethiopia . Known for its complex , fruity flavor that resembles a dry red wine . All three Ethiopian varieties are trademarked names with the rights owned by Ethiopia
Ethiopian Sidamo | C. arabica | Ethiopia | From the Sidamo ( now Oromia ) region of Ethiopia as well . All three Ethiopian varieties are trademarked names with the rights owned by Ethiopia
Ethiopian Yirgacheffe | C. arabica | Ethiopia | From the Yirgachefe district in the Gedeo Zone of the Southern Nations , Nationalities , and People 's Region of Ethiopia . All three Ethiopian varieties are trademarked names with the rights owned by Ethiopia
French Mission | C. arabica | Africa | French Mission is actually Bourbon that was planted in East Africa by French Missionaries around 1897
Geisha / Gesha | C. arabica | Ethiopia , Tanzania , Costa Rica , Panama , Colombia , Peru | Geisha or Gesha variety , grown in the highlands of Boquete in Chiriquí Province , Panama , highly sought after at auction , achieving high prices . Originally from the village of Gesha , Ethiopia . It was planted in the 1950s as a rust-resistant crop and rediscovered in the early 2000s . The most expensive varietal at coffee auctions , fetching $ 350.25USD in 2013 . Breaking its own record as the most expensive coffee in the world at US $ 803.00 /lb of Natural ( processed ) Geisha in the Best of Panama auctions in 2018
Guadeloupe Bonifieur | C. arabica | Guadeloupe | 
Hawaiian Kona | C. arabica | Hawaii | Grown on the slopes of Hualalai and Mauna Loa in the Kona District on the Big Island of Hawaii . Coffee was first introduced to the Islands by Chief Boki , the Governor of Oahu , in 1825
Java | Interspecific hybrid | Indonesia | From the island of Java , in Indonesia . This coffee was once so widely traded that java became a slang term for coffee . Java encompasses a regional style , not a cultivar of coffee
K7 | C. arabica | Africa | A Kenyan selection of French Mission Bourbon selected at Legelet Estate in Muhoroni , Kenya . Selected based on cupping trials
Maragogipe | C. arabica | Latin America | Maragogipe ( ' y ' ) is considered to be a natural mutation from Typica . It was first discovered near Maragogipe , in Brazil 's state Bahia . Maragogype is well known for producing big beans

Text
Tanzania ( /ˌtænzəˈniːə/ , [ note 2 ] Swahili : [ tanzaˈni.a ] ) , officially the United Republic of Tanzania ( Swahili : Jamhuri ya Muungano wa Tanzania ) , is a country in East Africa within the African Great Lakes region . It borders Uganda to the north ; Kenya to the northeast ; Comoro Islands and the Indian Ocean to the east ; Mozambique and Malawi to the south ; Zambia to the southwest ; and Rwanda , Burundi , and the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the west . Mount Kilimanjaro , Africa 's highest mountain , is in northeastern Tanzania . Many important hominid fossils have been found in Tanzania , such as 6-million-year-old Pliocene hominid fossils . The genus Australopithecus ranged all over Africa 4 to 2 million years ago ; and the oldest remains of the genus Homo are found near Lake Olduvai . Following the rise of Homo erectus 1.8 million years ago , humanity spread all over the Old World , and later in the New World and Australia under the species Homo sapiens . Homo sapiens also overtook Africa and absorbed the older archaic species and subspecies of humanity . One of the oldest known ethnic groups still existing , the Hadzabe , appears to have originated in Tanzania , and their oral history recalls ancestors who were tall and were the first to use fire , medicine , and lived in caves , much like Homo erectus or Homo heidelbergensis who lived in the same region before them . Later in the Stone and Bronze Age , prehistoric migrations into Tanzania included Southern Cushitic speakers who moved south from present-day Ethiopia ; Eastern Cushitic people who moved into Tanzania from north of Lake Turkana about 2,000 and 4,000 years ago ; and the Southern Nilotes , including the Datoog , who originated from the present-day South Sudan-Ethiopia border region between 2,900 and 2,400 years ago . : page 18 These movements took place at about the same time as the settlement of the Mashariki Bantu from West Africa in the Lake Victoria and Lake Tanganyika areas . They subsequently migrated across the rest of Tanzania between 2,300 and 1,700 years ago . German rule began in mainland Tanzania during the late 19th century when Germany formed German East Africa .
Kenya ( /ˈkɛnjə/ ( listen ) ) , officially the Republic of Kenya ( Swahili : Jamhuri ya Kenya ) , is a country in Africa with 47 semiautonomous counties governed by elected governors . At 580,367 square kilometres ( 224,081 sq mi ) , Kenya is the world 's 48th largest country by total area . With a population of more than 47.6 million people , Kenya is the 29th most populous country . Kenya 's capital and largest city is Nairobi , while its oldest city and first capital is the coastal city of Mombasa . Kisumu City is the third largest city and also an inland port on Lake Victoria . Other important urban centres include Nakuru and Eldoret . Kenya is bordered by South Sudan to the northwest , Ethiopia to the north , Somalia to the east , Uganda to the west , Tanzania to the south , and the Indian Ocean to the southeast . According to archaeological dating of associated artifacts and skeletal material , the Cushites first settled in the lowlands of Kenya between 3,200 and 1,300 BC , a phase referred to as the Lowland Savanna Pastoral Neolithic . Nilotic-speaking pastoralists ( ancestral to Kenya 's Nilotic speakers ) started migrating from present-day southern Sudan into Kenya around 500 BC . European colonisation of Kenya began in the 19th century during the European exploration of the interior . Modern-day Kenya emerged from a protectorate established by the British Empire in 1895 and the subsequent Kenya Colony , which began in 1920 . Numerous disputes between the UK and the colony led to the Mau Mau revolution , which began in 1952 , and the subsequent declaration of independence in 1963 .
Réunion ( French : La Réunion [ la ʁe.y.njɔ̃ ] ( listen ) ; previously Île Bourbon ) is an overseas department and region of the French Republic and an island in the Indian Ocean , east of Madagascar and 175 km ( 109 mi ) southwest of Mauritius . As of January 2019 [ update ] , it had a population of 866,506 . The island has been inhabited since the 16th century , when people from France and Madagascar settled there . Slavery was abolished on 20 December 1848 ( a date celebrated yearly on the island ) , when the French Second Republic abolished slavery in the French colonies . However , later on indentured workers were brought to Réunion from South India , among other places . The island became an overseas department of France in 1946 . As in France , the official language is French . In addition , the majority of the region 's population speaks Réunion Creole . Administratively , Réunion is one of the overseas departments of France . Like the other four overseas departments , it is also one of the 18 regions of France , with the modified status of overseas region , and an integral part of the republic with the same status as Metropolitan France . Réunion is an outermost region of the European Union and , as an overseas department of France , part of the eurozone .
Java ( Indonesian : Jawa ; Javanese : ꦗꦮ ; Sundanese : ᮏᮝ ) is an island of Indonesia , bordered by the Indian Ocean on the south and the Java Sea on the north . With a population of over 141 million ( Java only ) or 145 million ( including the inhabitants of its surrounding islands ) , Java has 56.7 percent of the Indonesian population and is the world 's most populous island . The Indonesian capital city , Jakarta , is located on its northwestern coast . Much of the well-known part of Indonesian history took place on Java . It was the centre of powerful Hindu-Buddhist empires , the Islamic sultanates , and the core of the colonial Dutch East Indies . Java was also the center of the Indonesian struggle for independence during the 1930s and 1940s . Java dominates Indonesia politically , economically and culturally . Four of Indonesia 's eight UNESCO world heritage sites are located in Java : Ujung Kulon National Park , Borobudur Temple , Prambanan Temple , and Sangiran Early Man Site . Formed mostly as the result of volcanic eruptions from geologic subduction between Sunda Plate and Australian Plate , Java is the 13th largest island in the world and the fifth largest in Indonesia by landmass at about 138,800 square kilometres ( 53,600 sq mi ) . A chain of volcanic mountains forms an east-west spine along the island . Three main languages are spoken on the island : Javanese , Sundanese , and Madurese , where Javanese is the most spoken ; it is the native language of about 60 million Javanese people in Indonesia , most of whom live on Java . Furthermore , most residents are bilingual , speaking Indonesian ( the official language of Indonesia ) as their first or second language .

Summarize the given table and text. 
Summary:

Summary: The table lists different coffee varieties along with their species, regions, and comments. There are 22 coffee varieties that originated from various regions including Tanzania, Philippines, Indonesia, El Salvador, Jamaica, Réunion, Rwanda, Latin America, Ethiopia, and Hawaii. The varieties include Arusha, Benguet, Bergendal, Bernardina, Blue Mountain, Bourbon, Catuai, Catimor, Caturra, Charrier, Ethiopian Harar, Ethiopian Sidamo, Ethiopian Yir
