Prompt:


Read the table and text regarding "List of female United States Cabinet Secretaries" and create a summary.

# | Secretary | Position | Year appointed | Party | Administration
1 | Madeleine Albright * | Secretary of State | 1997 | Democratic | Bill Clinton
1 | Condoleezza Rice | Secretary of State | 2005 | Republican | George W. Bush
1 | Hillary Clinton | Secretary of State | 2009 | Democratic | Barack Obama
2 | - | Secretary of the Treasury | - | - | -
3 | - | Secretary of Defense | - | - | -
4 | Janet Reno * | Attorney General | 1993 | Democratic | Bill Clinton
4 | Loretta Lynch | Attorney General | 2015 | Democratic | Barack Obama
5 | Gale Norton * | Secretary of the Interior | 2001 | Republican | George W. Bush
5 | Sally Jewell | Secretary of the Interior | 2013 | Democratic | Barack Obama
6 | Ann Veneman * | Secretary of Agriculture | 2001 | Republican | George W. Bush
7 | Juanita M. Kreps * | Secretary of Commerce | 1977 | Democratic | Jimmy Carter
7 | Barbara Franklin | Secretary of Commerce | 1992 | Republican | George H. W. Bush
7 | Penny Pritzker | Secretary of Commerce | 2013 | Democratic | Barack Obama
8 | Frances Perkins * | Secretary of Labor | 1933 | Democratic | Franklin D. Roosevelt
8 | Ann Dore McLaughlin | Secretary of Labor | 1987 | Republican | Ronald Reagan
8 | Elizabeth Dole | Secretary of Labor | 1989 | Republican | George H. W. Bush
8 | Lynn Morley Martin | Secretary of Labor | 1991 | Republican | George H. W. Bush
8 | Alexis Herman | Secretary of Labor | 1997 | Democratic | Bill Clinton
8 | Elaine Chao | Secretary of Labor | 2001 | Republican | George W. Bush
8 | Hilda Solis | Secretary of Labor | 2009 | Democratic | Barack Obama

Text
The Republican Party , also referred to as the GOP ( Grand Old Party ) , is one of the two major contemporary political parties in the United States ; the other is its historic rival , the Democratic Party . The GOP was founded in 1854 by opponents of the Kansas-Nebraska Act , which allowed for the potential expansion of slavery into certain U.S. territories . The party supported classical liberalism , opposed the expansion of slavery , and supported economic reform . Abraham Lincoln was the first Republican president . Under the leadership of Lincoln and a Republican Congress , slavery was banned in the United States in 1865 . The Party was generally dominant during the Third Party System and the Fourth Party System . After 1912 , the Party underwent an ideological shift to the right . Following the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965 , the party 's core base shifted , with Southern states becoming more reliably Republican in presidential politics . The party 's 21st-century base of support includes people living in rural areas , men , people without college degrees , the elderly , white Americans , and evangelical Christians . The 21st-century Republican Party ideology is American conservatism , which incorporates both economic policies and social values . The GOP supports lower taxes , free market capitalism , restrictions on immigration , increased military spending , gun rights , restrictions on abortion , deregulation and restrictions on labor unions . After the Supreme Court 's 1973 decision in Roe v. Wade , the Republican Party opposed abortion in its party platform and grew its support among evangelicals .
The Republican Party , also referred to as the GOP ( Grand Old Party ) , is one of the two major contemporary political parties in the United States ; the other is its historic rival , the Democratic Party . The GOP was founded in 1854 by opponents of the Kansas-Nebraska Act , which allowed for the potential expansion of slavery into certain U.S. territories . The party supported classical liberalism , opposed the expansion of slavery , and supported economic reform . Abraham Lincoln was the first Republican president . Under the leadership of Lincoln and a Republican Congress , slavery was banned in the United States in 1865 . The Party was generally dominant during the Third Party System and the Fourth Party System . After 1912 , the Party underwent an ideological shift to the right . Following the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965 , the party 's core base shifted , with Southern states becoming more reliably Republican in presidential politics . The party 's 21st-century base of support includes people living in rural areas , men , people without college degrees , the elderly , white Americans , and evangelical Christians . The 21st-century Republican Party ideology is American conservatism , which incorporates both economic policies and social values . The GOP supports lower taxes , free market capitalism , restrictions on immigration , increased military spending , gun rights , restrictions on abortion , deregulation and restrictions on labor unions . After the Supreme Court 's 1973 decision in Roe v. Wade , the Republican Party opposed abortion in its party platform and grew its support among evangelicals .
The Republican Party , also referred to as the GOP ( Grand Old Party ) , is one of the two major contemporary political parties in the United States ; the other is its historic rival , the Democratic Party . The GOP was founded in 1854 by opponents of the Kansas-Nebraska Act , which allowed for the potential expansion of slavery into certain U.S. territories . The party supported classical liberalism , opposed the expansion of slavery , and supported economic reform . Abraham Lincoln was the first Republican president . Under the leadership of Lincoln and a Republican Congress , slavery was banned in the United States in 1865 . The Party was generally dominant during the Third Party System and the Fourth Party System . After 1912 , the Party underwent an ideological shift to the right . Following the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965 , the party 's core base shifted , with Southern states becoming more reliably Republican in presidential politics . The party 's 21st-century base of support includes people living in rural areas , men , people without college degrees , the elderly , white Americans , and evangelical Christians . The 21st-century Republican Party ideology is American conservatism , which incorporates both economic policies and social values . The GOP supports lower taxes , free market capitalism , restrictions on immigration , increased military spending , gun rights , restrictions on abortion , deregulation and restrictions on labor unions . After the Supreme Court 's 1973 decision in Roe v. Wade , the Republican Party opposed abortion in its party platform and grew its support among evangelicals .
The Republican Party , also referred to as the GOP ( Grand Old Party ) , is one of the two major contemporary political parties in the United States ; the other is its historic rival , the Democratic Party . The GOP was founded in 1854 by opponents of the Kansas-Nebraska Act , which allowed for the potential expansion of slavery into certain U.S. territories . The party supported classical liberalism , opposed the expansion of slavery , and supported economic reform . Abraham Lincoln was the first Republican president . Under the leadership of Lincoln and a Republican Congress , slavery was banned in the United States in 1865 . The Party was generally dominant during the Third Party System and the Fourth Party System . After 1912 , the Party underwent an ideological shift to the right . Following the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965 , the party 's core base shifted , with Southern states becoming more reliably Republican in presidential politics . The party 's 21st-century base of support includes people living in rural areas , men , people without college degrees , the elderly , white Americans , and evangelical Christians . The 21st-century Republican Party ideology is American conservatism , which incorporates both economic policies and social values . The GOP supports lower taxes , free market capitalism , restrictions on immigration , increased military spending , gun rights , restrictions on abortion , deregulation and restrictions on labor unions . After the Supreme Court 's 1973 decision in Roe v. Wade , the Republican Party opposed abortion in its party platform and grew its support among evangelicals .
The Republican Party , also referred to as the GOP ( Grand Old Party ) , is one of the two major contemporary political parties in the United States ; the other is its historic rival , the Democratic Party . The GOP was founded in 1854 by opponents of the Kansas-Nebraska Act , which allowed for the potential expansion of slavery into certain U.S. territories . The party supported classical liberalism , opposed the expansion of slavery , and supported economic reform . Abraham Lincoln was the first Republican president . Under the leadership of Lincoln and a Republican Congress , slavery was banned in the United States in 1865 . The Party was generally dominant during the Third Party System and the Fourth Party System . After 1912 , the Party underwent an ideological shift to the right . Following the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965 , the party 's core base shifted , with Southern states becoming more reliably Republican in presidential politics . The party 's 21st-century base of support includes people living in rural areas , men , people without college degrees , the elderly , white Americans , and evangelical Christians . The 21st-century Republican Party ideology is American conservatism , which incorporates both economic policies and social values . The GOP supports lower taxes , free market capitalism , restrictions on immigration , increased military spending , gun rights , restrictions on abortion , deregulation and restrictions on labor unions . After the Supreme Court 's 1973 decision in Roe v. Wade , the Republican Party opposed abortion in its party platform and grew its support among evangelicals .
The Republican Party , also referred to as the GOP ( Grand Old Party ) , is one of the two major contemporary political parties in the United States ; the other is its historic rival , the Democratic Party . The GOP was founded in 1854 by opponents of the Kansas-Nebraska Act , which allowed for the potential expansion of slavery into certain U.S. territories . The party supported classical liberalism , opposed the expansion of slavery , and supported economic reform . Abraham Lincoln was the first Republican president . Under the leadership of Lincoln and a Republican Congress , slavery was banned in the United States in 1865 . The Party was generally dominant during the Third Party System and the Fourth Party System . After 1912 , the Party underwent an ideological shift to the right . Following the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965 , the party 's core base shifted , with Southern states becoming more reliably Republican in presidential politics . The party 's 21st-century base of support includes people living in rural areas , men , people without college degrees , the elderly , white Americans , and evangelical Christians . The 21st-century Republican Party ideology is American conservatism , which incorporates both economic policies and social values . The GOP supports lower taxes , free market capitalism , restrictions on immigration , increased military spending , gun rights , restrictions on abortion , deregulation and restrictions on labor unions . After the Supreme Court 's 1973 decision in Roe v. Wade , the Republican Party opposed abortion in its party platform and grew its support among evangelicals .
The Republican Party , also referred to as the GOP ( Grand Old Party ) , is one of the two major contemporary political parties in the United States ; the other is its historic rival , the Democratic Party . The GOP was founded in 1854 by opponents of the Kansas-Nebraska Act , which allowed for the potential expansion of slavery into certain U.S. territories . The party supported classical liberalism , opposed the expansion of slavery , and supported economic reform . Abraham Lincoln was the first Republican president . Under the leadership of Lincoln and a Republican Congress , slavery was banned in the United States in 1865 . The Party was generally dominant during the Third Party System and the Fourth Party System . After 1912 , the Party underwent an ideological shift to the right . Following the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965 , the party 's core base shifted , with Southern states becoming more reliably Republican in presidential politics . The party 's 21st-century base of support includes people living in rural areas , men , people without college degrees , the elderly , white Americans , and evangelical Christians . The 21st-century Republican Party ideology is American conservatism , which incorporates both economic policies and social values . The GOP supports lower taxes , free market capitalism , restrictions on immigration , increased military spending , gun rights , restrictions on abortion , deregulation and restrictions on labor unions . After the Supreme Court 's 1973 decision in Roe v. Wade , the Republican Party opposed abortion in its party platform and grew its support among evangelicals .
The Republican Party , also referred to as the GOP ( Grand Old Party ) , is one of the two major contemporary political parties in the United States ; the other is its historic rival , the Democratic Party . The GOP was founded in 1854 by opponents of the Kansas-Nebraska Act , which allowed for the potential expansion of slavery into certain U.S. territories . The party supported classical liberalism , opposed the expansion of slavery , and supported economic reform . Abraham Lincoln was the first Republican president . Under the leadership of Lincoln and a Republican Congress , slavery was banned in the United States in 1865 . The Party was generally dominant during the Third Party System and the Fourth Party System . After 1912 , the Party underwent an ideological shift to the right . Following the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965 , the party 's core base shifted , with Southern states becoming more reliably Republican in presidential politics . The party 's 21st-century base of support includes people living in rural areas , men , people without college degrees , the elderly , white Americans , and evangelical Christians . The 21st-century Republican Party ideology is American conservatism , which incorporates both economic policies and social values . The GOP supports lower taxes , free market capitalism , restrictions on immigration , increased military spending , gun rights , restrictions on abortion , deregulation and restrictions on labor unions . After the Supreme Court 's 1973 decision in Roe v. Wade , the Republican Party opposed abortion in its party platform and grew its support among evangelicals .

Summarize the given table and text. 
Summary:

Summary: The text provides information about the Republican Party. It was founded in 1854 and is one of the two main political parties in the United States. The party supported classical liberalism and opposed slavery. It underwent an ideological shift to the right after 1912. The party's 21st-century base of support includes people living in rural areas, men, people without college degrees, the elderly, white Americans, and evangelical Christians. It supports lower taxes, free market capitalism, restrictions on immigration,
