Row to text: The third round pick of the Kansas City Royals in the 1978 draft was Ruppert Jones, an outfielder. The 13th round pick of the 294th overall selection in the draft is Jack Clark, a pitcher-outfielder who plays for the San Francisco Giants. The Baltimore Orioles selected Mike Flanagan as their 159th pick in the 7th round of the draft.

Text: Ruppert Sanderson Jones ( born March 12 , 1955 ) is a former Major League Baseball center fielder . He was the first player selected in the 1976 Major League Baseball expansion draft by the Seattle Mariners .

The Kansas City Royals are an American professional baseball team based in Kansas City , Missouri . They compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member team of the American League ( AL ) Central division . The team was founded as an expansion franchise in 1969 , and has participated in four World Series , winning in 1985 and 2015 , and losing in 1980 and 2014 . The name Royals pays homage to the American Royal , a livestock show , horse show , rodeo , and championship barbeque competition held annually in Kansas City since 1899 as well as the identical names of two former negro league baseball teams that played in the first half of the 20th century ( one a semi-pro team based in Kansas City in the 1910s and 1920s that toured the Midwest and a California Winter League team based in Los Angeles in the 1940s that was managed by Chet Brewer and included Satchel Paige and Jackie Robinson on its roster ) . The Los Angeles team had personnel connections to the Monarchs but could not use the Monarchs name . The name also fits into something of a theme for other professional sports franchises in the city , including the Kansas City Chiefs of the NFL , the former Kansas City Kings of the NBA , and the former Kansas City Monarchs of the Negro National League . In 1968 , the team held a name-the-team contest that received more than 17,000 entries . Sanford Porte , a bridge engineer from the suburb of Overland Park , Kansas was named the winner for his Royals entry . His reason had nothing to do with royalty . Kansas Citys new baseball team should be called the Royals because of Missouris billion-dollar livestock income , Kansas Citys position as the nations leading stocker and feeder market and the nationally known American Royal parade and pageant , Porte wrote . The team 's board voted 6-1 on the name , with the only opposition coming from team owner Ewing Kauffman , who eventually changed his vote and said the name had grown on him . Entering the American League in 1969 along with the Seattle Pilots , the club was founded by Kansas City businessman Ewing Kauffman .

Summary: Ruppert Jones was the first player selected in the 1976 MLB expansion draft by the Seattle Mariners. The Kansas City Royals were founded in 1969 as an expansion franchise and have won two World Series titles. The team's name, Royals, was chosen from over 17,000 entries in a name-the-team contest, with the winner, Sanford Porte, suggesting the name due to Kansas City's livestock industry and the American Royal parade and pageant. The team has participated in four World Series, winning in 1985 and 2015, and losing in 1980 and 2014.
