Row to text: Error: Unable to generate description. Error: Unable to generate description. Error: Unable to generate description.

Text: Forwards are the players on a football ( soccer ) team who play nearest to the opposing team 's goal , and are therefore most responsible for scoring goals . Their advanced position and limited defensive responsibilities mean forwards normally score more goals on behalf of their team than other players . Modern team formations generally include one to three forwards ; for example , the common 4-2-3-1 formation includes one forward . Unconventional formations may include more than three forwards , or none .

Luciano Henrique de Gouveia ( born October 10 , 1978 in Tremembé ) is a Brazilian football striker who currently plays for Santo André . He played domestically for Taubaté , Juventus , Guaratinguetá , Atlético Sorocaba , Santos , Sport Recife , Internacional , São Caetano , Fortaleza , Paysandu , Santa Cruz and Santo André , and had a loan spell with South Korean club Pohang Steelers .

Sport Club do Recife ( Portuguese pronunciation : [ ˈspɔɾti ˈklub du ʁeˈsifi ] ; known as Sport and Sport Recife , abbreviated as SCR ) is a Brazilian sports club , located in the city of Recife , in the state of Pernambuco . It was founded on May 13 , 1905 , by Guilherme de Aquino Fonseca , who lived for many years in England , where he studied at Cambridge University . In football , the club has won six CBD/CBF titles , including three national and three regional . Its greatest glories are the Brazilian Championship 1987 and Brazil Cup 2008 . In addition to professional football , the club also participates in women 's football and Olympic sports , such as rowing , swimming , hockey , basketball , futsal , volleyball , table tennis , taekwondo , judo and athletics . It has a historic rivalry with Náutico , where matches between the two are known as the Clássico dos Clássicos , this being the third oldest derby in the country . The derby against Santa Cruz is called the Clássico das Multidões , while the derby with América-PE is called the Clássico dos Campeões .

Summary: There is no summary available for this text. The text appears to be a collection of unrelated information about football, including a description of forwards, a biography of a Brazilian football player, and information about a Brazilian sports club called Sport Club do Recife.
