Row to text: The 10 km race walk event, Na Rynek Marsz!, is a 10 km race walk event that takes place on 29 May in Kraków, Poland. The Australian 20k Racewalking Championships took place on 13 February in Hobart, Australia. The 20 km and 50 km race walks took place on 21 February in Olhão, Portugal, as part of the Meeting de Marcha Atlética da Cidade de Olhão, a category C event.

Text: The 10 kilometres race walk , or 10-kilometer racewalk , is a racewalking event . The event is competed as a road race . Athletes must always keep in contact with the ground and the supporting leg must remain straight until the raised leg passes it . 10 kilometers is 6.21 miles .

Kraków ( /ˈkrækaʊ , -koʊ/ , also US : /ˈkreɪk- , ˈkrɑːkaʊ/ , UK : /ˈkrækɒf/ , Polish : [ ˈkrakuf ] ( listen ) ) , traditionally known in English as Cracow , is the second largest and one of the oldest cities in Poland . Situated on the Vistula River in Lesser Poland Province , the city dates back to the 7th century . Kraków was the official capital of Poland until 1596 and has traditionally been one of the leading centres of Polish academic , economic , cultural and artistic life . Cited as one of Europe 's most beautiful cities , its Old Town was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site . The city has grown from a Stone Age settlement to Poland 's second most important city . It began as a hamlet on Wawel Hill and was already being reported as a busy trading centre of Central Europe in 965 . With the establishment of new universities and cultural venues at the emergence of the Second Polish Republic in 1918 and throughout the 20th century , Kraków reaffirmed its role as a major national academic and artistic centre . The city has a population of about 770,000 , with approximately 8 million additional people living within a 100 km ( 62 mi ) radius of its main square . After the invasion of Poland by Nazi Germany at the start of World War II , the newly defined Distrikt Krakau ( Kraków District ) became the capital of Germany 's General Government . The Jewish population of the city was forced into a walled zone known as the Kraków Ghetto , from which they were sent to German extermination camps such as the nearby Auschwitz never to return , and the Nazi concentration camps like Płaszów . However , the city was spared from destruction and major bombing . In 1978 , Karol Wojtyła , archbishop of Kraków , was elevated to the papacy as Pope John Paul II - the first ever Slavic pope , and the first non-Italian pope in 455 years .

Poland ( Polish : Polska [ ˈpɔlska ] ( listen ) ) , officially the Republic of Poland ( Polish : Rzeczpospolita Polska [ c ] [ ʐɛt͡ʂpɔˈspɔlita ˈpɔlska ] ( listen ) ) , is a country located in Central Europe . It is divided into 16 administrative subdivisions , covering an area of 312,696 square kilometres ( 120,733 sq mi ) , and has a largely temperate seasonal climate . With a population of nearly 38.5 million people , Poland is the fifth most populous member state of the European Union . Poland 's capital and largest metropolis is Warsaw . Other major cities include Kraków , Łódź , Wrocław , Poznań , Gdańsk , and Szczecin . Poland is bordered by the Baltic Sea , Lithuania , and Russia 's Kaliningrad Oblast to the north , Belarus and Ukraine to the east , Slovakia and the Czech Republic to the south , and Germany to the west . The history of human activity on Polish soil spans almost 500,000 years . Throughout the Iron Age the area became extensively diverse , with various cultures and tribes settling on the vast Central European Plain . However , it was the Western Polans who dominated the region and gave Poland its name . The establishment of Polish statehood can be traced to AD 966 , when Mieszko I , ruler of the realm coextensive with the territory of present-day Poland , converted to Christianity . The Kingdom of Poland was founded in 1025 , and in 1569 it cemented its longstanding political association with the Grand Duchy of Lithuania by signing the Union of Lublin . This union formed the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth , one of the largest ( over 1,000,000 square kilometres - 400,000 square miles ) and most populous countries of 16th and 17th century Europe , with a uniquely liberal political system which adopted Europe 's first written national constitution , the Constitution of 3 May 1791 .

Summary: The 10 km race walk event, Na Rynek Marsz!, takes place on May 29th in Kraków, Poland. Kraków is a city with a rich history dating back to the 7th century and is known for its cultural and artistic significance. Poland is a country located in Central Europe with a population of nearly 38.5 million people and a diverse history spanning almost 500,000 years. The country has a unique political system and has been a major player in European history. The 20 km and 50 km race walks took place on February 21st in Olhão, Portugal, as part of the Meeting de Marcha Atlética da Cidade de Olhão. The Australian 20k Racewalking Championships took place on February 13th in Hobart, Australia. The 10 km race walk event requires athletes to keep in contact with the ground and maintain a straight supporting leg until the raised leg passes it. The event is competed as a road race and is 6.21 miles long. The city of Kraków has a population of about 770,000 and is one of the oldest cities in Poland. The city has a rich history and has been a major cultural and artistic centre throughout the centuries. The city was spared from destruction during World War II and was the home of Pope John Paul II. The country of Poland has a diverse history and has been a major player in European history. 
