Row to text: The Australian television channel ABC2 was a free-to-air network that was part of a subscription network, and it was replaced by Bio on 16 March. The program "Around the World in 80 Gardens Around the World in 80 Gardens" is broadcast on the subscription network "BBC Knowledge" on the free-to-air network "ABC1" on the date "5 January". The program "Top Dogs : Adventures In War, Sea and Ice" is broadcast on the free-to-air network SBS One on 6 January.

Text: Stanley Kubrick 's Boxes is a 2008 documentary film directed by Jon Ronson about the film director Stanley Kubrick . Ronson 's intent was not to create a biography of the filmmaker but rather to understand Kubrick by studying the director 's vast personal collection of memorabilia related to his feature films . The documentary came about in 1998 when Ronson received a request from Kubrick 's estate for a copy of a documentary Ronson made about the Holocaust ( Ronson was unaware that it was Kubrick who was asking for the film until months later ) . A year later , as Ronson was making plans to conduct a rare interview with the director , Kubrick suddenly died after completing work on his final film Eyes Wide Shut ( 1999 ) . To his surprise , Ronson was invited to Kubrick 's house by his widow . When he arrived , he found that half the house was filled by more than one thousand boxes containing snap shots , newspaper clippings , film out-takes , notes , and fan letters which the director used for research towards each of his films .

Bio ( stylised as bio. , formerly The Biography Channel ) was an Australian general entertainment channel available on Australia 's Foxtel , Austar and Optus Television pay television services . In 2014 , the channel rebranded with a new on-air look , logo and programming . In addition , the channel moved from channel 117 to channel 133 . On 1 November 2015 , the channel closed , ceasing transmission at 4am , with selected titles moved to other Foxtel-owned channels .

ABC Comedy is an Australian free-to-air television channel that was launched on 7 March 2005 as ABC2 ; it is owned by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation . The channel broadcasts a range of comedy supplemented with repeats of popular ABC TV programmes . Between the hours of 5am and 7.30pm daily the channel 's bandwidth is used for the ABC Kids channel for young children . It was announced by the ABC that on 4 December 2017 , ABC2 would be rebranded as ABC Comedy , ending the use of the ABC2 name after 12 years .

Summary: The Australian television channel ABC2 was replaced by Bio in 2008, but later rebranded as ABC Comedy in 2017. Bio was a general entertainment channel that closed in 2015. Meanwhile, a documentary about Stanley Kubrick was made in 2008, featuring his vast collection of memorabilia. The documentary, "Stanley Kubrick's Boxes," was directed by Jon Ronson and explores the director's research methods.
