Row to text: Tonya Verbeek won a Silver medal in Women's freestyle 55 kg wrestling on August 23. The gold medal in the men's floor event at the 2004 Summer Olympics was won by Kyle Shewfelt in the sport of gymnastics on August 22. Lori-Ann Muenzer won the gold medal in the women's sprint cycling event on August 24.

Text: Tonya Lynn Verbeek ( born 14 August 1977 ) is a Canadian freestyle wrestler . Verbeek was the first woman to win a wrestling medal for Canada when she took silver in 2004 , she added to that with a bronze at the 2008 Summer Olympics and a second silver at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London . She has also won two bronze and a silver at the world championships and has a bronze and silver from the Pan American Games and Commonwealth Games respectively .

Wrestling at the 2004 Summer Olympics took place in the Ano Liossia Olympic Hall and was split into two disciplines , Freestyle and Greco-Roman which are further divided into different weight categories . Men competed in both disciplines whereas women only took part in the Freestyle event with 18 gold medals being contested in all . This was the first Olympic Games that included women 's wrestling events on the program .

The women 's freestyle 55 kg at the 2004 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Ano Liossia Olympic Hall , August 22 to August 23 . The competition held with an elimination system of three or four wrestlers in each pool , with the winners qualify for the semifinals and final by way of direct elimination .

Summary: Tonya Verbeek, a Canadian freestyle wrestler, won a silver medal in the women's 55 kg freestyle wrestling event at the 2004 Summer Olympics. The event took place at the Ano Liossia Olympic Hall on August 22-23. Verbeek's achievement marked the first time a Canadian woman had won a wrestling medal at the Olympics. (Note: The original text does not mention the other Olympic events mentioned in the row to text, only the information about Tonya Verbeek and the women's freestyle 55 kg wrestling event.)
