Row to text: The Champion Hurdle is a Grade 1 hurdle race that takes place on a Tuesday, over a distance of 2 miles and a half furlong, and features hurdles as obstacles. The Coral Cup is a Grade 3 hurdle race that takes place on Wednesday over a distance of 2 miles and 5 furlongs, sponsored by Coral. The Supreme Novices' Hurdle is a Grade 1 hurdle race that takes place on a Tuesday, over a distance of 2 miles and a half furlong, and is sponsored by SkyBet.

Text: The Champion Hurdle is a Grade 1 National Hunt hurdle race in Great Britain which is open to horses aged four years or older . As part of a sponsorship agreement with the online gambling operator Unibet , the race is now known as the Unibet Champion Hurdle . It is run on the Old Course at Cheltenham over a distance of about 2 miles and ½ furlong ( 2 miles and 87 yards , or 3,298 metres ) , and during its running there are eight hurdles to be jumped . The race is the last leg of the Triple Crown of Hurdling and is scheduled to take place each year on the opening day of the Cheltenham Festival in March . As its title suggests , the Champion Hurdle is the most prestigious hurdling event in the National Hunt calendar . Its list of winners features many of the most highly acclaimed hurdlers in the sport 's history , and several of these , such as National Spirit , Istabraq , Hatton 's Grace , Persian War and Lanzarote , have had races named in their honour .

A hurdle race in Great Britain and Ireland is a National Hunt horse race where the horses jump over obstacles called hurdles that are over three and a half feet high . They are typically made of a series of panels made of brush and are flexible . Hurdle races always have a minimum of eight hurdles and a minimum distance of two miles ( 3 km ) . National Hunt horses that have the size and scope to jump higher than the height of a hurdle use these types of races in order to gain experience of jumping obstacles so they can later be sent to jump bigger obstacles called fences . Hurdle races tend to be run at a faster pace than Chases as the height of the hurdle is much lower than a chasing fence . The best hurdlers have a low and efficient style of jumping , which means they do not lose much momentum when they run over or hurdle a hurdle . Australian hurdle races are now conducted over wooden fences which provide some flexibility when ran over or hurdled . In Victoria , these runs consist of portable hurdles in which the natural brush has been replaced by bright yellow soft synthetic brush . Hurdle races are usually run over a minimal distance of 2 800 metres . Victoria and South Australia are the only two states in Australia that conduct jumping races .

Unibet provides a platform for sports betting , online casino , bingo and online poker to over 11 million customers in over 100 countries . Unibet is a part of Kindred Group - an online gambling operator which consists of 11 brands along with Maria Casino , Stan James , 32Red , and iGame . Today , Unibet has over 1,500 employees and offices in Malta , London , New York , and Gibraltar among others . Unibet launched its first online website in 1999 , launched live betting service in 2003 and introduced mobile site in 2004 .

Summary: The Champion Hurdle is a Grade 1 National Hunt hurdle race that takes place on the opening day of the Cheltenham Festival in March. It is a 2-mile and ½ furlong race with eight hurdles to be jumped, and is considered the most prestigious hurdling event in the National Hunt calendar. The race is sponsored by Unibet and features many of the most highly acclaimed hurdlers in the sport's history. Hurdle races are a type of National Hunt horse race where horses jump over obstacles called hurdles, and are typically run at a faster pace than Chases. The best hurdlers have a low and efficient style of jumping, which allows them to maintain momentum when jumping over hurdles. Unibet is a leading online gambling operator that provides a platform for sports betting, online casino, bingo, and online poker to over 11 million customers in over 100 countries.  (Note: I rewrote the summary to make it more concise and clear, while still capturing the main points of the original text.)
