Row to text: PC Tools Firewall Plus is a proprietary Windows firewall software that is no longer supported. The PF firewall is a free software firewall that runs on the *BSD kernel module and is based on the BSD operating system. Avast Internet Security is a proprietary, paid Microsoft Windows operating system.

Text: PC Tools ( founded in 2003 ) , formerly known as WinGuides.com , was a software company acquired by Symantec in 2008 ; the new owner eventually discontinued the PC Tools name . Company headquarters were in Australia , with offices in Luxembourg , the United States , United Kingdom , Ireland and Ukraine . The company had previously developed and distributed security and optimization software for the Mac OS X and Microsoft Windows platforms .

Proprietary software , also known as closed-source software , is non-free computer software for which the software 's publisher or another person retains intellectual property rights - usually copyright of the source code , but sometimes patent rights .

Microsoft Windows , commonly referred to as Windows , is a group of several proprietary graphical operating system families , all of which are developed and marketed by Microsoft . Each family caters to a certain sector of the computing industry . Active Microsoft Windows families include Windows NT and Windows IoT ; these may encompass subfamilies , e.g . Windows Server or Windows Embedded Compact ( Windows CE ) . Defunct Microsoft Windows families include Windows 9x , Windows Mobile and Windows Phone . Microsoft introduced an operating environment named Windows on November 20 , 1985 , as a graphical operating system shell for MS-DOS in response to the growing interest in graphical user interfaces ( GUIs ) . Microsoft Windows came to dominate the world 's personal computer ( PC ) market with over 90% market share , overtaking Mac OS , which had been introduced in 1984 . Apple came to see Windows as an unfair encroachment on their innovation in GUI development as implemented on products such as the Lisa and Macintosh ( eventually settled in court in Microsoft 's favor in 1993 ) . On PCs , Windows is still the most popular operating system . However , in 2014 , Microsoft admitted losing the majority of the overall operating system market to Android , because of the massive growth in sales of Android smartphones . In 2014 , the number of Windows devices sold was less than 25% that of Android devices sold . This comparison , however , may not be fully relevant , as the two operating systems traditionally target different platforms .

Summary: PC Tools Firewall Plus is a proprietary Windows firewall software that is no longer supported. The PF firewall is a free software firewall that runs on the *BSD kernel module and is based on the BSD operating system. Avast Internet Security is a proprietary, paid Microsoft Windows operating system. PC Tools was a software company that developed security and optimization software for Mac OS X and Microsoft Windows platforms. Microsoft Windows is a group of proprietary graphical operating system families developed and marketed by Microsoft. The company introduced Windows in 1985 as a graphical operating system shell for MS-DOS. Microsoft Windows dominated the PC market with over 90% market share, but lost the majority of the overall operating system market to Android in 2014.
