Row to text: Marian Regional Medical Center is a hospital in Santa Maria, California, founded in 1940 and acquired in 1997 from the Sisters of St. French Hospital Medical Center is a hospital in San Luis Obispo, California, founded in 1946 and acquired by Universal Health Services in 2004. Mercy Medical Center Merced is a hospital located in Merced, California, founded in 1923 and acquired by an unknown entity in 1996 from the Racine Dominican Sisters.

Text: Santa Maria is a city near the Southern California coast in Santa Barbara County . It is approximately 65 miles ( 105 km ) northwest of Santa Barbara and 150 miles ( 240 km ) northwest of downtown Los Angeles . Its estimated 2018 population was 108,470 , making it the most populous city in the county and the Santa Maria-Santa Barbara , CA Metro Area . The city is notable for its wine industry and Santa Maria-style barbecue . Sunset magazine called Santa Maria The West 's Best BBQ Town .

California is a state in the Pacific Region of the United States . With 39.5 million residents across a total area of about 163,696 square miles ( 423,970 km2 ) , California is the most populous U.S. state and the third-largest by area . The state capital is Sacramento . The Greater Los Angeles Area and the San Francisco Bay Area are the nation 's second- and fifth-most populous urban regions , with 18.7 million and 9.7 million residents respectively . Los Angeles is California 's most populous city , and the country 's second-most populous , after New York City . California also has the nation 's most populous county , Los Angeles County , and its largest county by area , San Bernardino County . The City and County of San Francisco is both the country 's second most densely populated major city after New York City and the fifth most densely populated county , behind only four of the five New York City boroughs . California 's economy , with a gross state product of $ 3.0 trillion , is the largest sub-national economy in the world . If it were a country , California would be the fifth-largest economy in the world ( larger than the United Kingdom , France , or India ) , and the 36th-most populous as of 2017 [ update ] . The Greater Los Angeles Area and the San Francisco Bay Area are the nation 's second- and third-largest urban economies ( $ 1.3 trillion and $ 1.0 trillion respectively as of 2018 [ update ] ) , after the New York metropolitan area . The San Francisco Bay Area PSA had the nation 's highest gross domestic product per capita in 2018 ( $ 106,757 ) among large primary statistical areas , and is home to three of the world 's ten largest companies by market capitalization and three of the world 's ten richest people . California culture is considered a global trendsetter in popular culture , communication , information , innovation , environmentalism , economics , politics , and entertainment .

The Sisters of St. Francis of Penance and Christian Charity is a Roman Catholic religious congregation for women . A third order secular group , the sisters are not cloistered nuns but active in the world , having historically been primarily involved in teaching , although they have participated in the care of the sick and poor , hospital work , mission work , and other activities .

Summary: The city of Santa Maria, California, is known for its wine industry and Santa Maria-style barbecue. California is the most populous U.S. state and has a large economy, with the Greater Los Angeles Area and the San Francisco Bay Area being two of the nation's largest urban economies. The Sisters of St. Francis of Penance and Christian Charity is a Roman Catholic religious congregation for women that has been involved in various activities, including teaching, hospital work, and mission work.
