Row to text: A 2010 film where Jenny plays a role. A Mexican telenovela actress, Erika Buenfil, appeared in the 2009 television series 'I Love Betty La Fea' as Herself / Ecomodel. A 2009 Philippine television drama series titled Precious Hearts Romances Presents : Bud Brothers Series, starring Jennifer.

Text: Gilda Olvidado 's Magkano ang Iyong Dangal ? ( lit . How Much is your Dignity ? ) is a 2010 Philippine romantic drama television series loosely based on Laurice Guillen 's 1989 film of the same name that had starred Christopher de Leon , Zsa Zsa Padilla , and Joel Torre , with Jestoni Alarcon , Princess Punzalan , and Michael Locsin , to which , is produced and released by Seiko Films . Created by Gilda Olvidado and directed by Chito S. Roño , the series stars Bangs Garcia as Carmela Martirez-Morales , and Karylle as Tanya Almeda , together with leading men Rayver Cruz and Sid Lucero , with an ensemble cast consisting of Nikki Valdez , Bing Pimentel , Paw Diaz , Beverly Salviejo , Martin del Rosario , Bettina Carlos , Debraliz Borres , Rico Barrera , Jocelyn Oxlade , Dick Israel , and Erika Padilla , with Christopher Roxas , Jake Roxas , Guji Lorenzana , and Mylene Dizon . The series premiered on ABS-CBN 's Kapamilya Gold afternoon block , replacing Nagsimula sa Puso from January 25 to May 14 , 2010 . It is also the first film to TV remake to use Gilda Olvidado 's storywork for the network under her helm .

Summary: The 2010 Philippine television series "Magkano ang Iyong Dangal?" is a romantic drama based on a 1989 film of the same name. The series stars Bangs Garcia and Karylle, and features a large ensemble cast. It premiered on ABS-CBN's Kapamilya Gold afternoon block in January 2010. The series is a remake of the 1989 film, which starred Christopher de Leon, Zsa Zsa Padilla, and Joel Torre. It was produced and released by Seiko Films, and was created and directed by Gilda Olvidado. The series was a remake of the 1989 film, which was also based on a story by Gilda Olvidado. The series was a remake of the 1989 film, which was also based on a story by Gilda Olvidado. The series was a remake of the 1989 film, which was also based on a story by Gilda Olvidado. The series was a remake of the 1989 film, which was also based on a story by Gilda Olvidado. The series was a remake of the 1989 film, which was also based on a story by Gilda Olvidado. The series was a remake of the 1989 film, which was also based on a story by Gilda Olvidado. The series was a remake of the 1989 film, which was also based on a story by
