Row to text: The Nubians are a population of 1.0 million people who speak the Nobiin language and reside in the Nile Valley region of Sudan and Egypt. The Copts are an ethnic group native to the Nile Valley region of Egypt and Sudan, with a population of 10 million people, speaking the Coptic language, which belongs to the Afro-Asiatic language family. The Baggara people are a group of Sudanese and Chadian Arabs who speak Sudanese Arabic and live in the Chad Basin region of Sudan and Chad.

Text: Nubians ( /ˈnuːbiənz , ˈnjuː-/ ) are an ethnolinguistic group of Africans indigenous to present-day Sudan and southern Egypt who originate from the early inhabitants of the central Nile valley , believed to be one of the earliest cradles of civilization . They speak Nubian languages , part of the Northern Eastern Sudanic languages . Early Neolithic settlements from prehistoric Egypt have been found in the central Nubian region dating back to 7000 BC , with Wadi Halfa believed to be the oldest settlement in the central Nile valley . Parts of Nubia , such as Ta-Seti ( the first nome or administrative region of ancient Egypt ) , were continuously a part of ancient Egypt throughout the dynastic era . Other parts of Nubia , particularly Lower or Upper Nubia , were at times a part of ancient Pharaonic Egypt and at other times a rival state representing parts of Meroë or the Kingdom of Kush . However , by the Twenty-fifth Dynasty , all of Nubia was united with Egypt , extending down to what is now Khartoum . Towards the end of the dynastic era , Upper Nubia broke off from Egypt proper . During that time , the Nubians founded a dynasty that ruled Upper and Lower Egypt in the eighth century BC . As warriors , the ancient Nubians were famous for their skill and precision with the bow and arrow . In the medieval period the Nubians converted to Christianity and established three kingdoms : Nobatia in the north , Makuria in the center and Alodia in the south . Today , Africans of Nubian descent primarily live in southern Egypt , especially in the Luxor and Aswan area , and in northern Sudan , particularly in the region between the city of Wadi Halfa on the Egyptian-Sudanese border and al Dabbah . Additionally , several groups known as the Hill Nubians live in the northern Nuba Mountains in South Kordofan state , Sudan .

Nobiin , or Mahas , is a Northern Nubian language of the Nilo-Saharan language family . Nobiin is the genitive form of Nòòbíí ( Nubian ) and literally means ( language ) of the Nubians . Another term used is Noban tamen , meaning the Nubian language . At least 2500 years ago , the first Nubian speakers migrated into the Nile valley from the southwest . Old Nubian is thought to be ancestral to Nobiin . Nobiin is a tonal language with contrastive vowel and consonant length . The basic word order is subject-object-verb . Nobiin is currently spoken along the banks of the Nile in Upper Egypt and northern Sudan by approximately 610,000 Nubians . Present-day Nobiin speakers are almost universally multilingual in local varieties of Arabic , generally speaking Modern Standard Arabic ( for official purposes ) as well as Saʽidi Arabic or Sudanese Arabic . Many Nobiin-speaking Nubians were forced to relocate in 1963-1964 to make room for the construction of the Aswan Dam at Aswan , Egypt and for the upstream Lake Nasser . [ citation needed ] There is no standardised orthography for Nobiin . It has been written in both Latin and Arabic scripts ; also , recently there have been efforts to revive the Old Nubian alphabet .

Summary: The Nubians are an ethnolinguistic group of Africans who originated from the early inhabitants of the central Nile valley in Sudan and southern Egypt. They speak Nubian languages, part of the Northern Eastern Sudanic languages, and have a rich history dating back to 7000 BC. The Nubians have been influenced by various cultures, including ancient Egypt and Christianity, and have established their own kingdoms and dynasties. Today, they primarily live in southern Egypt and northern Sudan, with a population of approximately 610,000 people who speak the Nobiin language. The Nobiin language is a tonal language with contrastive vowel and consonant length, and is currently spoken along the banks of the Nile in Upper Egypt and northern Sudan.  |
