Row to text: The 2004 film Lost in Translation, directed by Sofia Coppola and produced by Sofia Coppola and Ross Katz, is a United States production. The Aviator is a 2005 film directed by Martin Scorsese and produced by Michael Mann, Sandy Climan, Graham King, Charles Evans, Jr. The Queen is a 2007 French film directed by Stephen Frears and produced by Andy Harries, Christine Langan, Tracey Seaward, Francois Ivernel, Cameron McCracken, and Scott Rudin.

Text: Lost in Translation is a 2003 comedy-drama film written and directed by Sofia Coppola . It stars Bill Murray as aging actor Bob Harris , who befriends college graduate Charlotte ( Scarlett Johansson ) in a Tokyo hotel . The movie explores themes of loneliness , insomnia , existential ennui , and culture shock against the backdrop of a modern Japanese city . Lost in Translation was nominated for four Academy Awards , including Best Picture , Best Actor for Bill Murray , and Best Director for Coppola ; Coppola won for Best Original Screenplay . Murray and Johansson each won a BAFTA award for Best Actor in a Leading Role and Best Actress in a Leading Role respectively . The film grossed $ 119 million on a budget of $ 4 million .

The United States of America ( USA ) , commonly known as the United States ( U.S. or US ) or America , is a country consisting of 50 states , a federal district , five major self-governing territories , and various possessions . [ g ] At 3.8 million square miles ( 9.8 million km2 ) , it is the world 's third or fourth-largest country by total area [ b ] and is slightly smaller than the entire continent of Europe . Most of the country is located in central North America between Canada and Mexico . With an estimated population of over 328 million , the U.S. is the third most populous country in the world . The capital is Washington , D.C. , and the most populous city is New York City . Paleo-Indians migrated from Siberia to the North American mainland at least 12,000 years ago . European colonization began in the 16th century . The United States emerged from the thirteen British colonies established along the East Coast . Numerous disputes between Great Britain and the colonies led to the American Revolutionary War lasting between 1775 and 1783 , leading to independence . The United States embarked on a vigorous expansion across North America throughout the 19th century - gradually acquiring new territories , displacing Native Americans , and admitting new states - until by 1848 it spanned the continent . During the second half of the 19th century , the American Civil War led to the abolition of slavery in the United States . The Spanish-American War and World War I confirmed the country 's status as a global military power .

Sofia Carmina Coppola ( /ˈkɒpələ/ , Italian : [ ˈkɔppola ] ; born May 14 , 1971 ) is an American screenwriter , director , producer , and former actress . The daughter of filmmakers Eleanor and Francis Ford Coppola , she made her film debut as an infant in her father 's acclaimed crime drama film , The Godfather ( 1972 ) . Coppola later appeared in a supporting role in Peggy Sue Got Married ( 1986 ) and portrayed Mary Corleone , the daughter of Michael Corleone , in The Godfather Part III ( 1990 ) . Her performance in the latter was severely criticised , and she turned her attention to filmmaking . Coppola made her feature-length debut with the coming-of-age drama The Virgin Suicides ( 1999 ) , based on the novel of the same name by Jeffery Eugenides . It was the first of her collaborations with actress Kirsten Dunst . In 2004 , Coppola received the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for the comedy-drama Lost in Translation and became the third woman to be nominated for an Academy Award for Best Director . In 2006 , Coppola directed the historical drama Marie Antoinette , starring Dunst as the ill-fated French queen . In 2010 , with the drama Somewhere , Coppola became the first American woman ( and fourth American filmmaker ) to win the Golden Lion , the top prize at the Venice Film Festival . In 2013 , she directed the satirical crime film The Bling Ring , based on the crime ring of the same name . At the 2017 Cannes Film Festival , Coppola became the second woman in the festival 's history to win the Best Director award , for the drama film The Beguiled .

Ross Katz ( born May 19 , 1971 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) is an American film producer , screenwriter and film director . Prior to becoming a producer , Katz was a commercial rock DJ on 94 WYSP FM in Philadelphia . He got his start in movies working as a grip on Quentin Tarantino 's Reservoir Dogs , then interned at Good Machine eventually becoming Ted Hope 's assistant . It was Hope who encouraged Katz to try his hand at producing . His first effort was Jim Fall 's Trick . The film was one of the early independents to explore homosexual cinema treated as romantic comedy . Next he co-executive produced , along with Ted Hope & Anne Carey , an HBO television mini-series of Moisés Kaufman 's play The Laramie Project . The mini-series version of The Laramie Project was adapted by Kaufman and members of New York 's Tectonic Theater Project who went to Laramie , Wyoming after the murder of Matthew Shepard . The piece is based on more than 200 interviews they conducted while there . It follows and in some cases re-enacts the chronology of Shepherd 's visit to a local bar , his kidnap and beating , the discovery of him tied to a fence , the vigil at the hospital , his death and funeral , and the trial of his homophobic killers . The mini-series mixes real news reports with actors portraying friends , family , cops , killers , and other Laramie residents in their own words . It concludes with a Laramie staging of Angels in America a year after Shephard 's death .

Summary: Sofia Coppola is an American screenwriter, director, producer, and former actress. She made her film debut as an infant in her father's film "The Godfather" and later appeared in supporting roles in "Peggy Sue Got Married" and "The Godfather Part III." She turned her attention to filmmaking and made her feature-length debut with "The Virgin Suicides" in 1999. Coppola received the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for "Lost in Translation" in 2004 and became the third woman to be nominated for an Academy Award for Best Director. She has directed several films, including "Marie Antoinette," "Somewhere," and "The Bling Ring," and has won several awards, including the Golden Lion and the Best Director award at the Cannes Film Festival.  The text also mentions Ross Katz, an American film producer, screenwriter, and film director, who has worked on several films and television shows, including "Trick," "The Laramie Project," and "Lost in Translation."  The text also mentions the film "Lost in Translation," which was directed by Sofia Coppola and produced by Ross Katz, and the film "The Aviator," which was directed by Martin Scorsese and produced by Michael Mann, Sandy Climan, Graham King, Charles Evans, Jr. The text also mentions the film "The Queen," which was directed by Stephen Frears and produced by Andy Harries, Christine Langan
