Row to text: The Meizhou Hunjun football club competes in the 2nd tier of the China Women's League One in Wuhua, China. Meizhou Hakka F.C. Shenzhen Ledman F.C.

Text: Association football , more commonly known as football or soccer , [ a ] is a team sport played with a spherical ball between two teams of 11 players . It is played by approximately 250 million players in over 200 countries and dependencies , making it the world 's most popular sport . The game is played on a rectangular field called a pitch with a goal at each end . The object of the game is to score by moving the ball beyond the goal line into the opposing goal . Football is played in accordance with a set of rules known as the Laws of the Game . The ball is 68-70 cm ( 27-28 in ) in circumference and known as the football . The two teams each compete to get the ball into the other team 's goal ( between the posts and under the bar ) , thereby scoring a goal . The team that has scored more goals at the end of the game is the winner ; if both teams have scored an equal number of goals then the game is a draw . Each team is led by a captain who has only one official responsibility as mandated by the Laws of the Game : to represent their team in the coin toss prior to kick-off or penalty kicks . Players are not allowed to touch the ball with hands or arms while it is in play , except for the goalkeepers within the penalty area . Other players mainly use their feet to strike or pass the ball , but may also use any other part of their body except the hands and the arms . The team that scores most goals by the end of the match wins .

Wuhua County ( simplified Chinese : 五华县 ; traditional Chinese : 五華縣 ; pinyin : Wǔhuá Xiàn , Hakka : Ng-Fa ) is a county under the jurisdiction of the prefecture-level city of Meizhou in the east of Guangdong Province , China .

Wuhua County Stadium ( Chinese : 五华县体育场 ) is a multi-purpose stadium in Wuhua County , Meizhou , Guangdong , China . Wuhua County Stadium opened in 1986 for the football preliminaries of 1987 National Games of China . It became the home stadium of Meizhou Hakka in August 2013 for the 2013 China League Two . The stadium was renovated to meet the requirement of the league at the end of 2015 after Meizhou Hakka won promotion to China League One .

Summary: The Meizhou Hunjun football club competes in the 2nd tier of the China Women's League One in Wuhua, China. The county is home to the Wuhua County Stadium, which was renovated in 2015 to meet the requirements of the China League One. The stadium has been the home of Meizhou Hakka since 2013.
