Row to text: The French Navy is a navy of France with 3 ships in service, 0 in reserve, and 0 under construction. The Turkish Naval Forces have 0 ships in service and 0 in reserve, but 1 ship is under construction. The Egyptian Navy has 2 ships in service, 0 in reserve, and 0 under construction.

Text: France ( French : [ fʁɑ̃s ] ( listen ) ) , officially the French Republic ( French : République française , pronounced [ ʁepyblik fʁɑ̃sɛːz ] ( listen ) ) , is a country whose territory consists of metropolitan France in Western Europe and several overseas regions and territories . [ XIII ] The metropolitan area of France extends from the Mediterranean Sea to the English Channel and the North Sea , and from the Rhine to the Atlantic Ocean . It is bordered by Belgium , Luxembourg and Germany to the northeast , Switzerland and Italy to the east , and Andorra and Spain to the south . The overseas territories include French Guiana in South America and several islands in the Atlantic , Pacific and Indian oceans . The country 's 18 integral regions ( five of which are situated overseas ) span a combined area of 643,801 square kilometres ( 248,573 sq mi ) and a total population of 67.02 million ( as of July 2019 [ update ] ) . France is a unitary semi-presidential republic with its capital in Paris , the country 's largest city and main cultural and commercial centre . Other major urban areas include Lyon , Marseille , Toulouse , Bordeaux , Lille and Nice . France , including its overseas territories , has the most number of time zones of any country , with a total of 12 . During the Iron Age , what is now metropolitan France was inhabited by the Gauls , a Celtic people . Rome annexed the area in 51 BC , holding it until the arrival of Germanic Franks in 476 , who formed the Kingdom of Francia . The Treaty of Verdun of 843 partitioned Francia into East Francia , Middle Francia and West Francia . West Francia , which became the Kingdom of France in 987 , emerged as a major European power in the Late Middle Ages , following its victory in the Hundred Years ' War ( 1337-1453 ) .

The French Navy ( French : Marine Nationale , lit . National Navy ) , informally La Royale , is the maritime arm of the French Armed Forces . Dating back to 1624 , the French Navy is one of the world 's oldest naval forces . It has participated in conflicts around the globe and played a key part in establishing the French colonial empire . The French Navy consists of six main branches and various services : the Force d'Action Navale , the Forces Sous-marines ( FOST , ESNA ) , French Naval Aviation , the Fusiliers Marins ( including Commandos Marine ) , the Marins Pompiers , and the Maritime Gendarmerie . As of June 2014 , the French Navy employed a total of 36,776 personnel along with 2,800 civilians . Its reserve element consisted of 4,827 personnel of the Operational Reserve . As a blue-water navy , it operates a wide range of fighting vessels , which include the nuclear-powered aircraft carrier Charles de Gaulle , various aeronaval forces , attack submarines and ballistic missile submarines , frigates , patrol boats and support ships .

Summary: The French Navy is a maritime arm of the French Armed Forces, dating back to 1624. It has participated in conflicts around the globe and played a key part in establishing the French colonial empire. The French Navy consists of six main branches and various services, employing a total of 36,776 personnel and 2,800 civilians as of June 2014. It operates a wide range of fighting vessels, including the nuclear-powered aircraft carrier Charles de Gaulle.
