Row to text: The Space Shuttle Challenger (STS-51-L) was launched on January 28, 1986, and was carrying the TDRS-B payload. The Space Shuttle Challenger launched on April 4, 1983, with the TDRS-A (TDRS-1) payload, but the second stage tumbled due to a thruster motor problem, resulting in an incorrect orbit. The Space Shuttle Discovery launched on July 13, 1995, carrying the TDRS-G satellite as payload.

Text: The Space Shuttle is a partially reusable low Earth orbital spacecraft system that was operated from 1981 to 2011 by the U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ) as part of the Space Shuttle program . Its official program name was Space Transportation System ( STS ) , taken from a 1969 plan for a system of reusable spacecraft of which it was the only item funded for development . The first of four orbital test flights occurred in 1981 , leading to operational flights beginning in 1982 . In addition to the prototype whose completion was cancelled , five complete Shuttle systems were built and used on a total of 135 missions from 1981 to 2011 , launched from the Kennedy Space Center ( KSC ) in Florida . Operational missions launched numerous satellites , interplanetary probes , and the Hubble Space Telescope ( HST ) ; conducted science experiments in orbit ; and participated in construction and servicing of the International Space Station . The Shuttle fleet 's total mission time was 1322 days , 19 hours , 21 minutes and 23 seconds . Shuttle components include the Orbiter Vehicle ( OV ) with three clustered Rocketdyne RS-25 main engines , a pair of recoverable solid rocket boosters ( SRBs ) , and the expendable external tank ( ET ) containing liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen . The Space Shuttle was launched vertically , like a conventional rocket , with the two SRBs operating in parallel with the OV 's three main engines , which were fueled from the ET . The SRBs were jettisoned before the vehicle reached orbit , and the ET was jettisoned just before orbit insertion , which used the orbiter 's two Orbital Maneuvering System ( OMS ) engines . At the conclusion of the mission , the orbiter fired its OMS to deorbit and reenter the atmosphere . The orbiter then glided as a spaceplane to a runway landing , usually to the Shuttle Landing Facility at Kennedy Space Center , Florida or Rogers Dry Lake in Edwards Air Force Base , California . After landing at Edwards , the orbiter was flown back to the KSC on the Shuttle Carrier Aircraft , a specially modified Boeing 747 .

Space Shuttle Challenger ( Orbiter Vehicle Designation : OV-099 ) was the second orbiter of NASA 's Space Shuttle program to be put into service , after Columbia . Challenger was built by Rockwell International 's Space Transportation Systems Division , in Downey , California . Its maiden flight , STS-6 , began on April 4 , 1983 . The orbiter was launched and landed nine times before breaking apart 73 seconds into its tenth mission , STS-51-L , on January 28 , 1986 , resulting in the deaths of all seven crew members including a civilian school teacher . Challenger was the first of two orbiters that were destroyed in flight , the other being Columbia in 2003 . The accident led to a two-and-a-half-year grounding of the shuttle fleet ; flights resumed in 1988 , with STS-26 flown by Discovery . Challenger was replaced by Endeavour , which was built from structural spares ordered by NASA in the construction contracts for Discovery and Atlantis .

STS-51-L was the disastrous 25th mission of the United States Space Shuttle program , the program to carry out routine transportation for Earth-to-orbit crew and cargo ; as well as the final flight of Space Shuttle Challenger . Planned as the first Teacher in Space Project in addition to observing Halley 's Comet for six days , the mission never achieved orbit ; a structural failure during its ascent phase 73 seconds after launch from Kennedy Space Center Launch Complex 39 on January 28 , 1986 , killed all seven crew members - Commander Dick Scobee , Pilot Michael J. Smith , Mission Specialists Ellison S. Onizuka , Judith A. Resnik and Ronald E. McNair , and Payload Specialists Gregory Jarvis and Christa McAuliffe - and destroyed the orbiter . Immediately after the disaster , NASA convened the Rogers Commission to determine the cause of the explosion . The failure of an O-ring seal on the starboard Solid Rocket Booster ( SRB ) was determined to have caused the shuttle to break-up in flight . Space Shuttle flights were suspended for 32 months while the hazards with the shuttle were addressed . The Space Shuttle program resumed with STS-26 , launched two years after the accident .

TDRS-B was an American communications satellite , which was to have formed part of the Tracking and Data Relay Satellite System . It was destroyed when the Space Shuttle Challenger disintegrated 73 seconds after launch .

The Space Shuttle Challenger disaster was a fatal incident in the United States space program that occurred on Tuesday , January 28 , 1986 , when the Space Shuttle Challenger ( OV-099 ) broke apart 73 seconds into its flight , killing all seven crew members aboard . The crew consisted of five NASA astronauts , one payload specialist , and a civilian schoolteacher . The mission carried the designation STS-51-L and was the tenth flight for the Challenger orbiter . The spacecraft disintegrated over the Atlantic Ocean , off the coast of Cape Canaveral , Florida , at 11:39 a.m. EST ( 16:39 UTC ) . The disintegration of the vehicle began after a joint in its right solid rocket booster ( SRB ) failed at liftoff . The failure was caused by the failure of O-ring seals used in the joint that were not designed to handle the unusually cold conditions that existed at this launch . The seals ' failure caused a breach in the SRB joint , allowing pressurized burning gas from within the solid rocket motor to reach the outside and impinge upon the adjacent SRB aft field joint attachment hardware and external fuel tank . This led to the separation of the right-hand SRB 's aft field joint attachment and the structural failure of the external tank . Aerodynamic forces broke up the orbiter . The crew compartment and many other vehicle fragments were eventually recovered from the ocean floor after a lengthy search and recovery operation . The exact timing of the death of the crew is unknown ; several crew members are known to have survived the initial breakup of the spacecraft . The shuttle had no escape system , [ a ] and the impact of the crew compartment at terminal velocity with the ocean surface was too violent to be survivable .

Summary: The Space Shuttle Challenger was launched on January 28, 1986, and broke apart 73 seconds into its flight, killing all seven crew members. The failure of an O-ring seal on the starboard Solid Rocket Booster (SRB) caused the shuttle to disintegrate. The crew consisted of five NASA astronauts, one payload specialist, and a civilian schoolteacher. The mission was the tenth flight for the Challenger orbiter and was carrying the TDRS-B payload. The spacecraft disintegrated over the Atlantic Ocean, off the coast of Cape Canaveral, Florida. The accident led to a two-and-a-half-year grounding of the shuttle fleet, and the program resumed with STS-26, launched two years after the accident. The Space Shuttle Challenger disaster was a fatal incident in the United States space program that occurred on January 28, 1986. The crew compartment and many other vehicle fragments were eventually recovered from the ocean floor after a lengthy search and recovery operation. The exact timing of the death of the crew is unknown, but several crew members are known to have survived the initial breakup of the spacecraft. The shuttle had no escape system, and the impact of the crew compartment at terminal velocity with the ocean surface was too violent to be survivable.  Answer should be around 100-150 words.
