Row to text: Error: Unable to generate description. Error: Unable to generate description. Error: Unable to generate description.

Text: The Adelaide Football Club , nicknamed the Crows , are a professional Australian rules football club that competes in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) . The club has both a men 's team , which played its first match in 1991 , and a women 's team , which began in 2017 in the inaugural season of the AFLW . The club is based in Adelaide , South Australia , playing its home matches at Adelaide Oval . The club has its training and administration base at Football Park in West Lakes , where it previously played home matches between 1991 and 2013 . The club song is The Pride of South Australia , to the tune of the US Marines ' Hymn . The Crows were formed in 1990 to be the 'state team ' to represent the South Australia in the AFL . They were originally owned by the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) , before gaining independence . They played their first season in 1991 . The men 's team won both the 1997 and 1998 Grand Finals , and have appeared in 15 finals series in their 28-year history . The club has had a reserves team compete in the South Australian National Football League since 2014 and has fielded a women 's team in the AFL Women 's competition since 2017 . The men 's team is currently coached by Matthew Nicks and captained by Rory Sloane , who was appointed co-captain alongside Taylor Walker prior to the 2019 season . Don Pyke permanently succeeded the late Phil Walsh as head coach in October 2015 before departing the club at the end of 2019 .

Port Adelaide Football Club is a professional Australian rules football club based in Alberton , Port Adelaide , South Australia . The club 's senior team plays in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) , where they are nicknamed the Power , whilst its reserves team competes in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) , where they are nicknamed the Magpies . Port Adelaide is the oldest professional sporting club in South Australia and the fifth-oldest club in the AFL . Since the club 's founding on 12 May 1870 , the club has won 36 South Australian league premierships , including six in a row . The club also won the Champions of Australia competition on a record four occasions . After successfully winning an AFL licence in 1994 the club began competing in the Australian Football League in 1997 as the only pre-existing non-Victorian club - and has subsequently added the 2004 AFL premiership to its achievements .

The Showdown Medal is the medal awarded to the player adjudged best on ground in the Showdown AFL match between Adelaide and Port Adelaide . It is thus similar to the Ross Glendinning Medal awarded in Western Derby games . However , no medal is awarded if the teams meet in a final , as they did in 2005 . The Showdown Medal was first presented in Showdown VII , Round 7 , 2000 . It was formerly known as the West End Medal , but is currently sponsored by Balfours . For Showdown 39 in round 16 , 2015 , the Showdown Medal was named the Phillip Walsh Medal , after the late Adelaide coach Phil Walsh .

The Showdown is an Australian rules football local derby game played by the two Australian Football League teams from South Australia , the Adelaide and Port Adelaide football clubs . The South Australian Brewing Company , makers of West End beers , were the first sponsors of the game and decided that the Showdown would be an appropriate name as a promotional opportunity for games between these two clubs , since it was the first time two South Australian teams had played against each other in the AFL . The rivalry between Adelaide and Port Adelaide is often considered the best , and most bitter , in the Australian Football League with Malcolm Blight , Australian Football Hall of Fame Legend , stating in 2009 that there is no doubt it is the greatest rivalry in football . The head to head count between the two clubs only include premiership matches .

Phillip Phil Walsh ( 15 March 1960 - 3 July 2015 ) was an Australian rules footballer and coach . Walsh played for Collingwood , Richmond and the Brisbane Bears in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) between 1983 and 1990 . Upon ending his playing career , Walsh held assistant coaching roles at Geelong , West Coast and Port Adelaide before being appointed as the head coach of the Adelaide Football Club for a three-season contract beginning in 2015 . On 3 July 2015 , Walsh was found dead at the age of 55 , in his Somerton Park home with multiple stab wounds . His son Cy was charged with his murder , and later found not guilty due to mental incompetence .

Summary: The Adelaide Football Club, also known as the Crows, is a professional Australian rules football club that competes in the Australian Football League (AFL). The club was formed in 1990 to represent South Australia in the AFL and has won two Grand Finals. The club's home matches are played at Adelaide Oval, and the club song is "The Pride of South Australia." The club has a women's team that competes in the AFL Women's competition. The club's rivalry with Port Adelaide is considered one of the best in the AFL. Port Adelaide is a professional Australian rules football club based in Alberton, South Australia, and has won 36 South Australian league premierships and the 2004 AFL premiership. The two clubs have a long-standing rivalry, with the Showdown Medal awarded to the best player in their annual match. The Showdown is considered one of the greatest rivalries in Australian football.  (Note: This summary is a rewritten version of the original text, condensed into a single paragraph.)
