Row to text: The film "Million Dollar Baby" was nominated for the Best Film Editing Oscar in 2005. The film "Million Dollar Baby" was nominated for an Eddie Award in the category of Edited Feature Film - Dramatic in the year 2005. The film "Unforgiven" won the Oscar for Best Film Editing in 1993.

Text: The Academy Awards , more popularly known as the Oscars , are awards for artistic and technical merit in the film industry . Given annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences ( AMPAS ) , the awards are an international recognition of excellence in cinematic achievements as assessed by the Academy 's voting membership . The various category winners are awarded a copy of a golden statuette , officially called the Academy Award of Merit , although more commonly referred to by its nickname , the Oscar . The statuette depicts a knight rendered in the Art Deco style . The award was originally sculpted by George Stanley from a design sketch by Cedric Gibbons . AMPAS first presented it in 1929 at a private dinner hosted by Douglas Fairbanks in the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel in what would become known as the 1st Academy Awards . The Academy Awards ceremony was first broadcast by radio in 1930 and was televised for the first time in 1953 . It is the oldest worldwide entertainment awards ceremony and is now televised live worldwide . It is also the oldest of the four major annual American entertainment awards ; its other three equivalents - the Emmy Awards for television , the Tony Awards for theater , and the Grammy Awards for music - are modeled after the Academy Awards . The 91st Academy Awards ceremony , honoring the best films of 2018 , was held on February 24 , 2019 , at the Dolby Theatre , in Los Angeles , California . The ceremony was broadcast on ABC . A total of 3,096 Oscar statuettes have been awarded from the inception of the award through the 91st ceremony .

The Academy Award for Best Film Editing is one of the annual awards of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences ( AMPAS ) . Nominations for this award are closely correlated with the Academy Award for Best Picture . For 33 consecutive years , 1981 to 2013 , every Best Picture winner had also been nominated for the Film Editing Oscar , and about two thirds of the Best Picture winners have also won for Film Editing . Only the principal , above the line editor ( s ) as listed in the film 's credits are named on the award ; additional editors , supervising editors , etc . are not currently eligible . The nominations for this Academy Award are determined by a ballot of the voting members of the Editing Branch of the Academy ; there were 220 members of the Editing Branch in 2012 . The members may vote for up to five of the eligible films in the order of their preference ; the five films with the largest vote totals are selected as nominees . The Academy Award itself is selected from the nominated films by a subsequent ballot of all active and life members of the Academy . This process is essentially the reverse of that of the British Academy of Film and Television Arts ( BAFTA ) ; nominations for the BAFTA Award for Best Editing are done by a general ballot of Academy voters , and the winner is selected by members of the editing chapter .

Million Dollar Baby is a 2004 American sports drama film directed , co-produced , and scored by Clint Eastwood , and starring Eastwood , Hilary Swank , and Morgan Freeman . The film follows an underappreciated boxing trainer , the mistakes that haunt him from his past , and his quest for atonement by helping an underdog amateur boxer achieve her dream of becoming a professional . Million Dollar Baby opened to widespread acclaim from critics , and won four Academy Awards , including Best Picture and Best Actress for Swank . Its screenplay was written by Paul Haggis , based on short stories by F.X . Toole , the pen name of fight manager and cutman Jerry Boyd . Originally published under the title Rope Burns , the stories have since been republished under the film 's title .

Summary: The Academy Awards, also known as the Oscars, are awards for artistic and technical merit in the film industry. The awards are given annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences and are an international recognition of excellence in cinematic achievements. The Best Film Editing Oscar is one of the annual awards, and nominations for this award are closely correlated with the Best Picture winner. The film "Million Dollar Baby" won four Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Best Actress, and was also nominated for the Best Film Editing Oscar in 2005. The film "Unforgiven" won the Oscar for Best Film Editing in 1993. The Academy Award for Best Film Editing is selected from the nominated films by a subsequent ballot of all active and life members of the Academy. The award is given to the principal editor(s) listed in the film's credits. The statuette depicts a knight rendered in the Art Deco style and is officially called the Academy Award of Merit. The award was originally sculpted by George Stanley from a design sketch by Cedric Gibbons. The Academy Awards ceremony was first broadcast by radio in 1930 and was televised for the first time in 1953. It is the oldest worldwide entertainment awards ceremony and is now televised live worldwide. 
