Row to text: The film "From Beginning to End" is a drama directed by Aluisio Abranches and starring Rafael Cardoso, João Gabriel Vasconcellos, Júlia Lemmertz, and Fábio Assunção. The film "Budapest" is a drama directed by Walter Carvalho and starring Leonardo Medeiros, Gabriella Hámori, and Giovanna Antonelli. Adrift is a 2009 Brazilian drama film directed by Heitor Dhalia and starring Laura Neiva, Vincent Cassel, Débora Bloch, and Camilla Belle.

Text: From Beginning to End ( Portuguese : Do Começo ao Fim ) is a 2009 Brazilian romantic drama film directed by Aluizio Abranches , starring Fábio Assunção , Júlia Lemmertz , Gabriel Kaufmann , Lucas Cotrim , João Gabriel Vasconcellos and Rafael Cardoso . It premiered in Brazil on November 27 , 2009 . The film deals with homosexuality and incest , two types of relationships that are often considered to be taboos . Abranches claims that his only intention was to tell a love story . The release of the film in Brazil , with only nine copies , was seen by almost 100,000 spectators , leading the film to be on the list of the top 10 most watched Brazilian films of 2009 . It was shown in more than 30 national and international festivals , and it was also commercialized in more than 30 countries . In 2010 it was released in DVD in Brazil with success . In France , after a very successful premiere in the cinemas , the first edition of the DVD and Blu-ray was sold out in less than two weeks , [ citation needed ] and it became a best seller internationally through websites such as Fnac and Amazon .

Aluizio Abranches was born in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil . He directed the features films Um Copo de Cólera ( A Glass of Rage , 1999 ) , As Três Marias ( The Three Marias , 2002 ) and Do Começo ao Fim ( From Beginning to End , 2009 ) . His latest movie is the romantic comedy Bem Casados ( Happily Married , 2015 ) , successfully released in December 2015 . Graduated in cinema at London Film School and in economics at Universidade Cândido Mendes , Aluizio became known for taking to the cinema screens challenging projects , both in their strategies of creation as well in their themes , with a prestigious crew and great cast . His mostly recurrent themes are family and love , as a counterpoint to a world full of violence , fear and intolerance . A Glass of Rage is based on the novel of the Brazilian writer Raduan Nassar . Starring Julia Lemmetz and Alexandre Borges . The Three Marias is a shakespearean tragedy in the countryside of Pernambuco . Starring Marieta Severo , Julia Lemmertz , Wagner Moura , Lázaro Ramos . From Beginning to End addresses unconditional love between two brothers and it is the third film that Aluizio Works with Julia Lemmertz , who stars the movie with Fábio Assunção , Rafael Cardoso and João Gabriel Vasconcellos . In Happily Married , Aluizio rejoins the partnership with Alexandre Borges , who stars in the comedy with Camila Morgado .

Rafael Cezar Cardoso ( born November 17 , 1985 ) is a Brazilian actor .

Júlia Lemmertz Dias ( born March 18 , 1963 ) is a Brazilian television , film and stage actress .

Fábio Assunção Pinto ( born August 10 , 1971 ) is a Brazilian actor . In 2011 , he was nominated for the International Emmy Award for Best Actor in the series Dalva e Herivelto : uma Canção de Amor .

This article lists lesbian , gay , bisexual or transgender-related films . The list includes films that deal with or feature significant LGBT issues or characters . The English film title , original title , country of origin and production year are listed . Order is alphabetical by title . Made-for-television films and animated films are listed separately . There are also lists of films by year , by storyline , and those directed by women .

Summary: The film "From Beginning to End" is a 2009 Brazilian romantic drama directed by Aluizio Abranches, starring Fábio Assunção, Júlia Lemmertz, and Rafael Cardoso. The film deals with homosexuality and incest, and it was a commercial success, being shown in over 30 national and international festivals and released in DVD in Brazil and France. The director, Aluizio Abranches, is known for taking on challenging projects and exploring themes of family and love. The film's cast includes several notable Brazilian actors, including Fábio Assunção, Júlia Lemmertz, and Rafael Cardoso. The film was a critical and commercial success, and it is considered one of the top 10 most watched Brazilian films of 2009.  The film is listed in the article "Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual or Transgender-related films" as it deals with significant LGBT issues or characters.
