Row to text: Error: Unable to generate description. Error: Unable to generate description. Error: Unable to generate description.

Text: Mound Cemetery in Marietta , Ohio is a historic cemetery developed around the base of a prehistoric Adena burial mound known as the Great Mound or Conus . The city founders preserved the Great Mound from destruction by establishing the city cemetery around it in 1801 . The city of Marietta was developed in 1788 by pioneers from Massachusetts , soon after the American Revolutionary War and organization of the Northwest Territory . Many of the founders were officers of the Revolutionary War who had received federal land grants for military services . Among high-ranking officers buried at the cemetery are generals Rufus Putnam and Benjamin Tupper , who were founders of the Ohio Company of Associates ; as well as Commodore Abraham Whipple and Colonel William Stacy . The cemetery has the highest number of burials of American Revolutionary War officers in the country .

The Marietta Earthworks is an archaeological site located at the confluence of the Muskingum and Ohio Rivers in Washington County , Ohio , United States . Most of this Hopewellian complex of earthworks is now covered by the modern city of Marietta . Archaeologists have dated the ceremonial site 's construction to approximately 100 BCE to 500 CE .

Marietta is a city in , and the county seat of , Washington County , Ohio , United States . During 1788 , pioneers to the Ohio Country established Marietta as the first permanent settlement of the new United States in the Territory Northwest of the River Ohio . Marietta is located in southeastern Ohio at the mouth of the Muskingum River at its confluence with the Ohio River 11 miles northeast of Parkersburg , West Virginia . The population was 14,085 at the 2010 census . It is the second-largest city in the Parkersburg-Marietta-Vienna , WV-OH Combined Statistical Area . The private , nonsectarian liberal arts Marietta College is located here . It was a station on the Underground Railroad before the Civil War . Marietta is also the site of the prehistoric Marietta Earthworks , a Hopewell complex more than 1500 years old , whose Great Mound and other major monuments were preserved by the earliest settlers in parks such as the Mound Cemetery .

The Adena culture was a Pre-Columbian Native American culture that existed from 1000 to 200 BC , in a time known as the Early Woodland period . The Adena culture refers to what were probably a number of related Native American societies sharing a burial complex and ceremonial system . The Adena lived in an area including parts of present-day Ohio , Indiana , Wisconsin , West Virginia , Kentucky , New York , Pennsylvania , and Maryland .

The Marietta Earthworks is an archaeological site located at the confluence of the Muskingum and Ohio Rivers in Washington County , Ohio , United States . Most of this Hopewellian complex of earthworks is now covered by the modern city of Marietta . Archaeologists have dated the ceremonial site 's construction to approximately 100 BCE to 500 CE .

A platform mound is any earthwork or mound intended to support a structure or activity .

In archaeology , an enclosure is one of the most common types of archaeological site . It is any area of land separated from surrounding land by earthworks , walls or fencing . Such a simple feature is found all over the world and during almost all archaeological periods . They may be few metres across or be large enough to encompass whole cities . Enclosures served numerous practical purposes including acting to delineate settlement areas , to create defensive positions or to be used as animal pens . They were also widely adopted in ritual and burial practices however and seem to demonstrate a fundamental human desire to make physical boundaries around spaces . Enclosures created from ditches and banks or walling can often be identified in the field through aerial photography or ground survey . Other types leave less permanent records and may only be identified during excavation .

Summary: Mound Cemetery in Marietta, Ohio, is a historic cemetery that was developed around a prehistoric Adena burial mound known as the Great Mound or Conus. The city founders preserved the Great Mound from destruction by establishing the city cemetery around it in 1801. The cemetery contains the graves of many high-ranking officers from the American Revolutionary War, including generals Rufus Putnam and Benjamin Tupper, and Commodore Abraham Whipple and Colonel William Stacy. The Marietta Earthworks, an archaeological site located at the confluence of the Muskingum and Ohio Rivers, is a Hopewellian complex of earthworks that dates back to approximately 100 BCE to 500 CE. The site is now covered by the modern city of Marietta. The Adena culture, which existed from 1000 to 200 BC, is a Pre-Columbian Native American culture that is associated with the Great Mound and other earthworks in the area. The city of Marietta was developed in 1788 by pioneers from Massachusetts, and it is the second-largest city in the Parkersburg-Marietta-Vienna, WV-OH Combined Statistical Area. The private, nonsectarian liberal arts Marietta College is located in the city. The city is also a station on the Underground Railroad and is home to the prehistoric Marietta Earthworks.  Answer: Mound Cemetery in Marietta, Ohio, is a historic cemetery that was developed around a prehistoric Adena
