Row to text: The German Embassy in Salmaniya is an embassy. The Omani embassy is located in the Diplomatic Area. The Lebanese Embassy is located in the Diplomatic Area.

Text: Germany ( German : Deutschland , German pronunciation : [ ˈdɔʏtʃlant ] ) , constitutionally the Federal Republic of Germany ( German : Bundesrepublik Deutschland , listen ( help·info ) ) , [ f ] is a country in Central and Western Europe . It borders Denmark to the north , Poland and the Czech Republic to the east , Austria and Switzerland to the south , France to the southwest , and Luxembourg , Belgium , and the Netherlands to the west . Germany includes 16 constituent states , covers an area of 357,386 square kilometres ( 137,988 sq mi ) , and has a largely temperate seasonal climate . With 83 million inhabitants , it is the second most populous state of Europe after Russia , the most populous state lying entirely in Europe , as well as the most populous member state of the European Union . Germany is a very decentralised country . Its capital and largest metropolis is Berlin , while Frankfurt serves as its financial capital and has the country 's busiest airport . Various Germanic tribes have inhabited the northern parts of modern Germany since classical antiquity . A region named Germania was documented before AD 100 . Beginning in the 10th century , German territories formed a central part of the Holy Roman Empire . During the 16th century , northern German regions became the centre of the Protestant Reformation . After the collapse of the Holy Roman Empire , the German Confederation was formed in 1815 . The German revolutions of 1848-49 resulted in the Frankfurt Parliament establishing major democratic rights .

Salmaniya is a neighborhood of Manama , Bahrain that houses the largest hospital in Bahrain , Salmaniya Medical Complex , and the Psychiatric Hospital ( Bahrain ) . Also , other private hospitals operate within the vicinity such as the Royal Bahrain Hospital . The neighborhood also houses many residential flats and apartments , as well as having many local supermarkets in the vicinity .

Summary: The German Embassy is located in Salmaniya, while the Omani and Lebanese Embassies are located in the Diplomatic Area.
