Row to text: Jere Ratcliffe was the Chief Scout Executive of the Boy Scouts of America from 1993 to 2000. Robert Coleman Richardson was a physicist who was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1996. Evan Roe is an actor who starred in the CBS drama Madam Secretary and achieved the rank of Eagle Scout in 2015.

Text: Jere Brian Ratcliffe ( July 4 , 1937 - August 21 , 2015 ) was a professional Scouter in the Boy Scouts of America who was the ninth Chief Scout Executive .

The Chief Scout Executive is the top professional of the National Council of the Boy Scouts of America . In most similar non-profit organizations , this is equivalent to the position of CEO , national executive director or secretary general . The current Chief Scout Executive is Roger C. Mosby . Mosby 's position was announced on December 29 , 2019 and succeeded Michael B. Surbaugh . This position should not be confused with the position of Chief Scout . Many National Scout associations still use this position ; however , it is always for a volunteer position , not a paid one . In the BSA , only three people ( Ernest Thompson Seton , James E. West and Elbert K. Fretwell ) have held the position of Chief Scout , which is separate and distinct from the position of CSE .

The Boy Scouts of America ( BSA ) ( colloquially , the Boy Scouts ) is the largest scouting organization and one of the largest youth organizations in the United States , with about 2.3 million youth participants and about one million adult volunteers . The BSA was founded in 1910 , and since then , about 110 million Americans participated in BSA programs at some time in their lives . BSA is part of the international Scout Movement and became a founding member organization of the World Organization of the Scout Movement in 1922 . The stated mission of the Boy Scouts of America is to prepare young people to make ethical and moral choices over their lifetimes by instilling in them the values of the Scout Oath and Law . Youth are trained in responsible citizenship , character development , and self-reliance through participation in a wide range of outdoor activities , educational programs , and , at older age levels , career-oriented programs in partnership with community organizations . For younger members , the Scout method is part of the program to instill typical Scouting values such as trustworthiness , good citizenship , and outdoors skills , through a variety of activities such as camping , aquatics , and hiking . To further these outdoor activities , the BSA has four high-adventure bases : Northern Tier ( Minnesota , Manitoba , and Ontario ) , Philmont Scout Ranch ( New Mexico ) , Sea Base ( Florida , US Virgin Islands , and Bahamas ) , and Summit Bechtel Reserve ( West Virginia ) , as well as nearly one hundred separate camps and reservations specifically dedicated to scouts . The traditional Scouting divisions are Cub Scouting for ages 5 to 11 years , Scouts BSA for ages 11 to 18 , Venturing for ages 14 through 21 , and Sea Scouts for ages 14 through 21 . The BSA operates traditional Scouting by chartering local organizations , such as churches , clubs , civic associations , or educational organization , to implement the Scouting program for youth within their communities . Units are led entirely by volunteers appointed by the chartering organization , who are supported by local councils using both paid professional Scouters and volunteers . Additionally , Learning for Life is a non-traditional affiliate that provides in-school and career education . On February 1 , 2019 , the Boy Scouts of America renamed their flagship program , Boy Scouts , to Scouts BSA to reflect their change of policy to allow girls to join in separate , gender-specific troops .

Summary: Jere Ratcliffe was the Chief Scout Executive of the Boy Scouts of America from 1993 to 2000. He was a professional Scouter who held the ninth position of Chief Scout Executive. The Chief Scout Executive is the top professional of the National Council of the Boy Scouts of America, equivalent to a CEO or national executive director. The Boy Scouts of America is the largest scouting organization in the United States, with about 2.3 million youth participants and one million adult volunteers. The organization was founded in 1910 and has a stated mission to prepare young people to make ethical and moral choices through instilling values such as trustworthiness, good citizenship, and self-reliance. The BSA operates traditional Scouting by chartering local organizations to implement the Scouting program for youth within their communities. Units are led entirely by volunteers appointed by the chartering organization, who are supported by local councils using both paid professional Scouters and volunteers. The BSA also offers non-traditional programs such as Learning for Life, which provides in-school and career education. In 2019, the BSA renamed their flagship program, Boy Scouts, to Scouts BSA to reflect their change of policy to allow girls to join in separate, gender-specific troops.
