Row to text: Captain Nazi is a character from Fawcett Comics/DC, created by Bill Woolfolk and Mac Raboy, who first appeared in Master Comics #21 in 1941. Two-Face is a DC character who debuted in 1942 in Detective Comics (vol. The Shade is a character from DC Comics, created by Gardner Fox, who first appeared in Flash Comics #33 in 1942.

Text: Captain Nazi is a Fawcett Comics and DC Comics supervillain , a rival of Captain Marvel and Captain Marvel Jr. As Baron Krieger , Captain Nazi made his first live-action appearance in a 2016 second season episode of The CW TV series DC 's Legends of Tomorrow , played by André Eriksen .

Emmanuel Mac Raboy ( April 17 , 1914 - December 12 , 1967 ) was an American comics artist best known for his comic-book work on Fawcett Comics ' Captain Marvel Jr. and as the Sunday comic-strip artist of Flash Gordon for more than 20 years . Born in New York City , Raboy began his art career with the Works Progress Administration during the Great Depression . In the 1940s he began working with the Harry A. Chesler studio of comics artists . Raboy began drawing comic books and gained fame as the illustrator for Captain Marvel , Jr. and the Green Lama . Raboy was a great admirer of Alex Raymond , and kept a portfolio of Alex Raymond 's Flash Gordon comics by his side for inspiration and guidance as he worked . In the spring of 1946 , King Features hired Raboy to continue the Sunday page adventures of Flash Gordon , which he continued to work on until his death . Drew Friedman has stated , Raboy was an expert technician with pen and brush , and his lush covers are some of the most unusually beautiful ever to grace comic books .

Master Comics was a monthly ongoing comic book anthology series that began its 133-issue run ( cover dated March 1940 - April 1953 ) during the 1930s and 1940s period known as the Golden Age of Comic Books . Published by Fawcett Comics , it contained features starring superhero characters including Master Man , in the first six issues only , Bulletman , Minute-Man , and its best-known character , Captain Marvel , Jr. , part of the lighthearted Marvel Family .

Summary: Captain Nazi is a supervillain from Fawcett Comics and DC Comics, first appearing in Master Comics #21 in 1941. He is a rival of Captain Marvel and Captain Marvel Jr. The character made his live-action debut in the 2016 TV series DC's Legends of Tomorrow. Mac Raboy was a comic book artist who worked on Captain Marvel Jr. and Flash Gordon, and was known for his beautiful and detailed artwork. Master Comics was a comic book series published by Fawcett Comics that featured characters such as Captain Marvel Jr. and Bulletman.
