Row to text: Milan Smith is a U.S. Randall Ray Rader is a 1974 B.A. The data is a list of lists, where each sublist contains a key-value pair.

Text: Milan Dale Smith Jr. ( born May 19 , 1942 ) is a United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit . Smith 's brother , Gordon Smith , was a Republican United States Senator from Oregon from 1996 to 2009 .

A Bachelor of Arts ( BA or AB ; from the Latin baccalaureus artium or artium baccalaureus ) is a bachelor 's degree awarded for an undergraduate program in the arts and sciences . Bachelor of Arts programs generally take three or four years depending on the country and institution . Diplomas generally give the name of the institution , signatures of officials of the institution , type of degree conferred , conferring authority , and location at which the degree is conferred . Diplomas are printed on high-quality paper or parchment ; individual institutions set the preferred abbreviation for their degrees .

In the United States , the title of federal judge means a judge ( pursuant to Article Three of the United States Constitution ) nominated by the president of the United States and confirmed by the United States Senate pursuant to the Appointments Clause in Article II of the United States Constitution . In addition to the Supreme Court of the United States , whose existence and some aspects of whose jurisdiction are beyond the constitutional power of Congress to alter , Congress has established 13 courts of appeals ( also called circuit courts ) with appellate jurisdiction over different regions of the United States , and 94 United States district courts . Every judge appointed to such a court may be categorized as a federal judge ; such positions include the chief justice and associate justices of the Supreme Court , circuit judges of the courts of appeals , and district judges of the United States district courts . All of these judges described thus far are referred to sometimes as Article III judges because they exercise the judicial power vested in the judicial branch of the federal government by Article III of the U.S. Constitution . In addition , judges of the Court of International Trade exercise judicial power pursuant to Article III . Other judges serving in the federal courts , including magistrate judges and bankruptcy judges , are also sometimes referred to as federal judges ; however , they are neither appointed by the president nor confirmed by the Senate , and their power derives from Article I instead .

The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit ( in case citations , 9th Cir . ) is a court of appeal that has appellate jurisdiction over the district courts in the following districts :

Summary: Milan Smith is a U.S. Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. He was born on May 19, 1942. His brother, Gordon Smith, was a Republican United States Senator from Oregon from 1996 to 2009. Smith earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1974. The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit has appellate jurisdiction over the district courts in the following districts.
