Row to text: Operation Linebacker I was a U.S. Operation Pocket Money was a military operation that took place on May 8, in Haiphong Harbour, where A-7 Corsair IIs and A-6 Intruders from the USS Coral Sea mined the harbour. Operation Freedom Train was a US military operation that took place from April 5 to May 10.

Text: Operation Linebacker was the codename of a U.S . Seventh Air Force and U.S. Navy Task Force 77 air interdiction campaign conducted against the Democratic Republic of Vietnam ( North Vietnam ) from 9 May to 23 October 1972 , during the Vietnam War . Its purpose was to halt or slow the transportation of supplies and materials for the Nguyen Hue Offensive ( known in the West as the Easter Offensive ) , an invasion of the Republic of Vietnam ( South Vietnam ) by forces of the People 's Army of Vietnam ( PAVN ) that had been launched on 30 March . Linebacker was the first continuous bombing effort conducted against North Vietnam since the end of Operation Rolling Thunder in November 1968 .

United States Air Forces Korea and USAFK redirect here .

The United States Navy ( USN ) is the naval warfare service branch of the United States Armed Forces and one of the eight uniformed services of the United States . It is the largest and most capable navy in the world and it has been estimated that in terms of tonnage of its active battle fleet alone , it is larger than the next 13 navies combined , which includes 11 U.S. allies or partner nations . It has the highest combined battle fleet tonnage and the world 's largest aircraft carrier fleet , with eleven in service , two new carriers under construction , and five other carriers planned . With 336,978 personnel on active duty and 101,583 in the Ready Reserve , the U.S. Navy is the third largest of the U.S. military service branches in terms of personnel . It has 290 deployable combat vessels and more than 3,700 operational aircraft as of June 2019 [ update ] , making it the third-largest air force in the world , after the United States Air Force and the United States Army . The U.S. Navy traces its origins to the Continental Navy , which was established during the American Revolutionary War and was effectively disbanded as a separate entity shortly thereafter . After suffering significant loss of goods and personnel at the hands of the Barbary pirates from Algiers , the U.S. Congress passed the Naval Act of 1794 for the construction of six heavy frigates , the first ships of the U.S. Navy . The U.S. Navy played a major role in the American Civil War by blockading the Confederacy and seizing control of its rivers . It played the central role in the World War II defeat of Imperial Japan . The U.S. Navy emerged from World War II as the most powerful navy in the world . The 21st century U.S. Navy maintains a sizable global presence , deploying in strength in such areas as the Western Pacific , the Mediterranean , and the Indian Ocean . It is a blue-water navy with the ability to project force onto the littoral regions of the world , engage in forward deployments during peacetime and rapidly respond to regional crises , making it a frequent actor in U.S. foreign and military policy .

For decades , Task Force 77 was the aircraft carrier battle/strike force of the United States Seventh Fleet in the United States Navy ( USN ) since the U.S . Seventh Fleet was formed .

Hanoi ( UK : / ( ˌ ) hæ- , həˈnɔɪ/ ha- , hə-NOY or US : /hɑː-/ hah-NOY ; Vietnamese : Hà Nội [ hàː nôjˀ ] ( listen ) ) is the capital of Vietnam . It covers an area of 3,328.9 square kilometres ( 1,285 sq mi ) . With an estimated population of 7.7 million as of 2018 , it is the second largest city in Vietnam . The metropolitan area , encompassing nine additional neighbouring provinces , has an estimated population of 16 million . Located in the central area of the Red River Delta , Hanoi is the commercial , cultural , and educational centre of Northern Vietnam . Having an estimated nominal GDP of US $ 32.8 billion , it is the second most productive economic centre of Vietnam , following Ho Chi Minh City . Originally a small settlement along the banks of the Red River , the city was founded as Thăng Long , the capital of Imperial Vietnam , in 1010 by monarch Lý Thái Tổ . Thăng Long would remain the most important political and cultural centre of Vietnam until 1802 , when the Nguyễn dynasty , the last imperial dynasty of Vietnam , moved the capital to Huế . Thăng Long renamed to its current name Hanoi in 1831 . In 1873 , Hanoi was conquered by the French , and from 1883 to 1945 , the city was the administrative centre of French Indochina . The French colonisation left a lasting impact on the city 's architecture that is visible today , as showcased through the juxtaposition of French-styled avenues , bridges , buildings , and traditional Vietnamese architecture . From 1940 to 1945 , Hanoi was occupied by the Japanese forces .


Summary: Operation Linebacker was a U.S. military operation that took place from May 9 to October 23, 1972, during the Vietnam War. Its purpose was to halt or slow the transportation of supplies and materials for the Nguyen Hue Offensive, an invasion of South Vietnam by North Vietnamese forces. The operation involved a sustained bombing campaign against North Vietnam, which was the first since the end of Operation Rolling Thunder in November 1968. The operation was conducted by the U.S. Seventh Air Force and U.S. Navy Task Force 77, and its goal was to weaken the North Vietnamese military and improve the negotiating position of the South Vietnamese government. The operation was successful in achieving its goals, but it also resulted in significant civilian casualties and damage to infrastructure. The operation was a key part of the U.S. military strategy in Vietnam during the 1972 Easter Offensive, and it played a significant role in the eventual withdrawal of U.S. troops from the country. ## Step 1: Identify the main topic of the text
