Row to text: Porto Velho Airport is a former airport in Porto Velho, Rondônia, Brazil, which was closed in 1969 and became an urbanized area. The Old Cacoal Airport, located in Cacoal, Rondônia, Brazil, ceased operations in 2009. The Old Alegrete Airport, located in Alegrete, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil, was closed in 1996 and is now an urbanized area.

Text: Porto Velho ( Portuguese pronunciation : [ ˈpoʁtu ˈvɛʎu ] , Old Port ) is the capital of the Brazilian state of Rondônia , in the upper Amazon River basin , and a Catholic Metropolitan Archbishopric . The population is 519,531 people ( as of the IBGE 2018 estimation ) . Located on the border of Rondônia and the state of Amazonas , the town is an important trading center for cassiterite , the mining of which represents the most important economic activity in the region , as well as a transportation and communication center . It is on the eastern shore of the Madeira River , one of the main tributaries of the Amazon River . It is also Rondônia 's largest city , and the largest state capital of Brazil by area . The municipality occupies most of the border between Amazonas and Rondônia , and is both the westernmost and northernmost city in the state .

Rondônia ( Brazilian Portuguese : [ ʁõˈdõniɐ ] ( listen ) ) is a state in Brazil , located in the northern part of the country . To the west is a short border with the state of Acre , to the north is the state of Amazonas , in the east is Mato Grosso , and in the south and southwest is Bolivia . Its capital is Porto Velho . The state was named after Cândido Rondon .

Caiari Airport , formerly ( IATA : PVH ) , was the airport that served Porto Velho , Brazil until 1969 , when Governador Jorge Teixeira de Oliveira International Airport was opened . On that very occasion the airport was closed .

Summary: Porto Velho is the capital of Rondônia, a state in northern Brazil. It is a major trading center for cassiterite and a transportation hub. The city is located on the Madeira River and is the largest city in Rondônia. The state of Rondônia is bordered by several other states and countries, including Amazonas, Acre, and Bolivia. The city's airport, Caiari Airport, was closed in 1969 and replaced by Governador Jorge Teixeira de Oliveira International Airport.
