Row to text: The Little Manitou Lake in Canada is a salt lake with a salinity of 180 g/kg (‰). Lake Natron is a salt lake in Tanzania with a salinity of 30-40 g/kg (‰). Lake Urmia is a salt lake in Iran with a salinity range of 85-280 g/kg (‰).

Text: Little Manitou Lake is a small saltwater lake about 120 kilometres south-east of Saskatoon , Canada . The lake was formed by receding glaciers during the most recent ice age . It is fed by underground springs , and has a mineral content high in sodium , magnesium and potassium salts due to it being a terminal lake . The salt content of the water ( 180 g/L ) gives it a salinity about half of that of the Dead Sea ( 300-400 ppt ) , allowing bathers to float easily . There is no fishing , because the high salt content of the water supports little other than brine shrimp .

A salt lake or saline lake is a landlocked body of water that has a concentration of salts ( typically sodium chloride ) and other dissolved minerals significantly higher than most lakes ( often defined as at least three grams of salt per litre ) . In some cases , salt lakes have a higher concentration of salt than sea water ; such lakes can also be termed hypersaline lakes . An alkalic salt lake that has a high content of carbonate is sometimes termed a soda lake . Saline lake classification :

Canada is a country in the northern part of North America . Its ten provinces and three territories extend from the Atlantic to the Pacific and northward into the Arctic Ocean , covering 9.98 million square kilometres ( 3.85 million square miles ) , making it the world 's second-largest country by total area . Its southern border with the United States , stretching some 8,891 kilometres ( 5,525 mi ) , is the world 's longest bi-national land border . Canada 's capital is Ottawa , and its three largest metropolitan areas are Toronto , Montreal , and Vancouver . As a whole , Canada is sparsely populated , with most of its land area dominated by forest and tundra . Its population is highly urbanized , with over 80 percent of its inhabitants concentrated in large and medium-sized cities , and 70 percent residing within 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) of the southern border . Canada 's climate varies widely across its vast area , ranging from Arctic climate in the north to hot summers in the southern regions , with four distinct seasons . Various indigenous peoples inhabited what is now Canada for thousands of years before European colonization . Beginning in the 16th century , British and French expeditions explored and later settled along the Atlantic coast . As a consequence of various armed conflicts , France ceded nearly all of its colonies in North America in 1763 . In 1867 , with the union of three British North American colonies through Confederation , Canada was formed as a federal dominion of four provinces . This began an accretion of provinces and territories and a process of increasing autonomy from the United Kingdom .

Summary: Little Manitou Lake in Canada is a small saltwater lake with a high salinity level, making it a popular destination for floating and relaxation. The lake is a terminal lake, meaning it has no outlet to the ocean, and is fed by underground springs. Its high salt content supports only a few species of brine shrimp, making it an unusual and unique ecosystem.
