Prompt:


Read the table and text regarding "List of Everton F.C. records and statistics" and create a summary.

 | Name | From | Fee | Date
2 | John Stones | Manchester City | £47.5M | 2016

Text
Joleon Patrick Lescott ( born 16 August 1982 ) is an English former professional footballer . He played as a centre back , though he occasionally played in various other positions across the defensive line , including left back . He currently works as a loanee player liaison agent for Manchester City , for whom he also played for five seasons . Lescott is a graduate of the Wolverhampton Wanderers youth academy . He made his first-team debut with Wolves in 2000 and he was named the supporters ' Young Player of the Year two years running . He was a regular player as the club won promotion to Premier League in 2003 , but missed the whole season through injury and they were relegated . He was named in the Championship team of the year for the 2005-06 season , and subsequently moved to Premier League club Everton for a total of £5 million in August 2006 . He was voted Player 's Player of the Season by his teammates in the following two seasons . Lescott moved to Manchester City in August 2009 for a reported £22 million and spent five seasons at the club , winning two league titles , an FA Cup and a League Cup . After his release in 2014 , he joined West Bromwich Albion on a free transfer and Aston Villa a year later . Internationally , Lescott represented England at various youth levels before making his senior debut in 2007 against Estonia in the UEFA Euro 2008 qualifiers . He represented the country at UEFA Euro 2012 , scoring England 's first goal of the tournament in their opening match , a 1-1 draw against France .

Summarize the given table and text. 
Summary:

Summary: The table and the text discuss Everton F.C. records and statistics. The table provides information about player John Stones who was sold to Manchester City for a fee of £47.5M in 2016. Meanwhile, the text focuses on Joleon Lescott, who played for several clubs, including Everton, Manchester City, Wolverhampton Wanderers, West Bromwich Albion, and Aston Villa. He played as a centre-back and won two league titles, an FA Cup, and a
