Prompt:


Read the table and text regarding "List of Superleague Formula drivers and teams" and create a summary.

Country | Total | Champions | Current | First driver ( s ) | Last/current driver ( s )
Brazil | 3 | 0 | 1 | Tuka Rocha ( 2008 ) | Antônio Pizzonia

Text
Christiano Tuka Chiaradia Alcoba Rocha ( December 13 , 1982 - November 17 , 2019 ) was a Brazilian race car driver . He won numerous karting championships in Brazil from 1996 to 2000 . Then moved up to South American Formula 3 Lights . In 2002 he moved to Europe to compete in the World Series by Nissan where he was Ricardo Zonta 's teammate . In 2004 he competed in Superfund Euro 3000 . In 2005 he was a test driver for A1 Team Brazil in the A1 Grand Prix Series and was named one of the team 's race drivers for the 2006-2007 season . In 2008 Tuka was chosen to drive the Flamengo 's car in Formula Superleague . Rocha died on November 17 , 2019 , three days after being involved in a small airplane crash near Bahia , Brazil . On a private flight from Jundiaí Airport to Maraú-Barra Grande Airport near Maraú the aircraft crashed on landing . The Cessna Citation II burst into flames fatally injuring Tuka Rocha and two others .
Brazil ( Portuguese : Brasil ; Portuguese pronunciation : [ bɾaˈziw ] ) , [ nt 1 ] officially the Federative Republic of Brazil ( Portuguese : República Federativa do Brasil , listen ( help·info ) ) , is the largest country in both South America and Latin America . At 8.5 million square kilometers ( 3.2 million square miles ) and with over 211 million people , Brazil is the world 's fifth-largest country by area and the sixth most populous . Its capital is Brasília , and its most populous city is São Paulo . The federation is composed of the union of the 26 states , the Federal District , and the 5,570 municipalities . It is the largest country to have Portuguese as an official language and the only one in the Americas ; it is also one of the most multicultural and ethnically diverse nations , due to over a century of mass immigration from around the world . Bounded by the Atlantic Ocean on the east , Brazil has a coastline of 7,491 kilometers ( 4,655 mi ) . It borders all other countries in South America except Ecuador and Chile and covers 47.3% of the continent 's land area . Its Amazon River basin includes a vast tropical forest , home to diverse wildlife , a variety of ecological systems , and extensive natural resources spanning numerous protected habitats . This unique environmental heritage makes Brazil one of 17 megadiverse countries , and is the subject of significant global interest and debate regarding deforestation and environmental protection . Brazil was inhabited by numerous tribal nations prior to the landing in 1500 of explorer Pedro Álvares Cabral , who claimed the area for the Portuguese Empire . Brazil remained a Portuguese colony until 1808 , when the capital of the empire was transferred from Lisbon to Rio de Janeiro . In 1815 , the colony was elevated to the rank of kingdom upon the formation of the United Kingdom of Portugal , Brazil and the Algarves .

Summarize the given table and text. 
Summary:

Summary: Brazil has 3 drivers in the Superleague Formula, none of whom have been champions. Currently, the only Brazilian driver is Antônio Pizzonia. The first driver was Christiano Tuka Chiaradia Alcoba Rocha, who died in 2019 due to a plane crash. He had a diverse racing career, including karting, Formula 3, and test driving for A1 Team Brazil. Brazil is a large country located in South America, with a rich cultural
