Prompt:


Read the table and text regarding "List of neighborhoods in Detroit" and create a summary.

Name | Location | Summary
Milwaukee Junction | East Grand Boulevard to the north , St. Aubin St./Hamtramck Drive to the east , Woodward Avenue to the west , and the border following I-94 to I-75 to Warren Road to the south | An area with significant history related to the automobile industry , east of the New Center area , it is near the railroad junction of the Detroit and Milwaukee Railroad , and the Grand Trunk Western Railroad lines . One of the largest collections of early 20th century industrial architecture in North America , and the birthplace of the Model T

Text
The Poles ( Polish : Polacy , pronounced [ pɔˈlat͡sɨ ] ; singular masculine : Polak , singular feminine : Polka ) , commonly referred to as the Polish people , are a nation and Lechitic ( West Slavic ) ethnic group native to Poland in Central Europe who share a common ancestry , culture , history , and are native speakers of the Polish language . The population of self-declared Poles in Poland is estimated at 37,394,000 out of an overall population of 38,538,000 ( based on the 2011 census ) , of whom 36,522,000 declared Polish alone . A wide-ranging Polish diaspora ( the Polonia ) exists throughout Europe , the Americas , and in Australasia . Today , the largest urban concentrations of Poles are within the Warsaw and Silesian metropolitan areas . Poland 's history dates back over a thousand years , to c. 930-960 AD , when the Western Polans - an influential tribe in the Greater Poland region , now home to such cities as Poznań , Gniezno , Kalisz , Konin and Września - united various Lechitic clans under what became the Piast dynasty , thus creating the first Polish state . The subsequent Christianization of Poland by the Catholic Church , in 966 CE , marked Poland 's advent to the community of Western Christendom . However , throughout its existence , the Polish state followed a tolerant policy towards minorities resulting in numerous ethnic and religious identities of the Poles , such as Polish Jews . Poles have made important contributions to the world in every major field of human endeavor , among them Copernicus , Marie Curie , Joseph Conrad , Fryderyk Chopin and Pope John Paul II . Notable Polish émigrés - many of them forced from their homeland by historic vicissitudes - have included physicist Joseph Rotblat , mathematician Stanisław Ulam , pianist Arthur Rubinstein , actresses Helena Modjeska and Pola Negri , military leaders Tadeusz Kościuszko and Casimir Pulaski , U.S. National Security Advisor Zbigniew Brzezinski , politician Rosa Luxemburg , painter Tamara de Lempicka , filmmakers Samuel Goldwyn and the Warner Brothers , cartoonist Max Fleischer , and cosmeticians Helena Rubinstein and Max Factor .
Hamtramck ( /hæmˈtræmɪk/ ham-TRAM-ik ) is a city in Wayne County in the U.S. state of Michigan . As of the 2010 census , the city population was 22,423 . Hamtramck is surrounded by the city of Detroit except for a small portion of the western border that touches the similarly surrounded city of Highland Park . Hamtramck is by far the most densely-populated municipality in the state of Michigan . Known in the 20th century as a vibrant center of Polish-American life and culture , Hamtramck has attracted new immigrants in the 21st century , especially from Yemen and Bangladesh . In 2015 , its city council became the first Muslim-majority city council in the history of the United States , with four of the six council members being adherents of the Islamic faith .

Summarize the given table and text. 
Summary:

Summary: The provided information consists of two unrelated sections: a table detailing a Detroit neighborhood and a text about the Polish people and a city called Hamtramck in Michigan.
