Prompt:


Read the table and text regarding "West Coast Conference Men's Basketball Tournament" and create a summary.

Year | Champion | Score | Opponent | Venue | Tournament MVP
2003 | San Diego | 72-63 | Gonzaga | Jenny Craig Pavilion ( San Diego , California ) | Jason Keep , San Diego

Text
The War Memorial at the Sobrato Center in San Francisco , California is an athletic venue on the University of San Francisco ( USF ) campus . It contains War Memorial Gymnasium and serves as home for the San Francisco men 's and women 's basketball teams as well as the women 's volleyball team . It also houses athletic department offices and training facilities for the university 's other athletic teams . It is currently the oldest basketball venue in the West Coast Conference . It is popularly known as The Hilltop because of USF 's position on the summit of Lone Mountain . Prior to 1958 , the USF basketball team had no permanent home . During the 1955 and 1956 NCAA championship seasons , Phil Woolpert 's teams had to practice and play home games at either nearby Kezar Pavilion in Golden Gate Park or the gym at neighboring St. Ignatius High School . The aftermath of USF 's back-to-back national championships spurred a fund-raising effort that ultimately made building an on-campus venue possible and in 1958 , War Memorial Gym opened its doors . Originally serving all of USF 's athletic needs , War Memorial Gym also briefly hosted the San Francisco Warriors from 1964 to 1966 . Upon the arrival of women 's sports on campus , War Memorial Gym also became the home of the women 's basketball and volleyball teams . Though the gym missed the Russell and Jones era by three years , it was the home of the great Dons teams of the late 1970s led by Bill Cartwright , Phil Smith and Quintin Dailey ( though some high-profile matches were held at the Cow Palace or the Oakland Arena ) . In 1989 , with the construction of the Koret Health and Recreation Center , War Memorial became exclusively an athletic venue , though most student-athlete training facilities continue to be housed in the Moran Center beneath the gym .
The 1987 West Coast Athletic Conference Men 's Basketball Tournament ( now West Coast Conference ) was held from February 28 to March 7 , with the semifinals and finals at the War Memorial Gymnasium at the University of San Francisco in San Francisco , California . This was the first edition of the conference tournament and included all eight teams . The first round quarterfinals were held on the home courts of the top four seeds , and two of the hosts were defeated . In the semifinals on a neutral court in San Francisco , the lower seeds won both semifinals ; both had losing conference records . Fifth-seeded Santa Clara defeated # 7 Pepperdine in the championship game 77-65 to gain the automatic bid to the 64-team NCAA Tournament , and were seeded fifteenth in the West regional . Regular season champion San Diego , upset by a point in the conference semifinals , received an at-large bid and were the ninth seed in the Midwest regional ; both WCAC teams lost in the first round .

Summarize the given table and text. 
Summary:

Summary: The West Coast Conference Men's Basketball Tournament was played in 2003 at the Jenny Craig Pavilion in San Diego, California, and the champion was San Diego who defeated Gonzaga with a score of 72-63. Jason Keep was named the Tournament MVP. The War Memorial at the Sobrato Center on the University of San Francisco campus is an athletic venue and currently the oldest basketball venue in the West Coast Conference. In 1987, the West Coast Athletic Conference Men's Basketball Tournament was held
